
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009431                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9430559667                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               522039762555                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 406990                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   510329                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 242456                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38895.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15830263203                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19849731425                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       409984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       405248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       221056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       128640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       131072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       127232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       128384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       126976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       409088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       127744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       325376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       405120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       126720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       217856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       326016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       162560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3853824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           74752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1249792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1249792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9764                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9764                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       461478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     43473984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       488624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     42971787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       461478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23440390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       502197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13640760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       502197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13898645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       529343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13491458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       475051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13613614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       515770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13464312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       488624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     43378974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       502197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13545750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       502197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     34502300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       475051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     42958214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       515770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13437166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       475051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23101068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       488624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34570165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       542916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17237577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               408652735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       461478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       488624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       461478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       502197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       502197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       529343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       475051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       515770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       488624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       502197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       502197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       475051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       515770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       475051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       488624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       542916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7926571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         132525751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              132525751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         132525751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       461478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     43473984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       488624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     42971787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       461478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23440390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       502197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13640760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       502197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13898645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       529343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13491458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       475051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13613614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       515770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13464312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       488624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     43378974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       502197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13545750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       502197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     34502300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       475051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     42958214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       515770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13437166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       475051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23101068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       488624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34570165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       542916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17237577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              541178486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1759210                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1587047                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94522                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       652695                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         626898                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97031                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18640418                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064488                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1759210                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       723929                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2186874                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       440326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1072156                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94820                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     21468022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       19281148     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77622      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         159757      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          66462      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362857      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         323264      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62601      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         131546      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1002765      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     21468022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077789                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489249                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18531799                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       550358                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2178568                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       200167                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154599                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          237                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12974462                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1445                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       200167                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18551934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        390073                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        99337                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2167073                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        59432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12966455                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        21838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          204                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15232256                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61067632                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61067632                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1759519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          152568                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056054                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544540                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13987                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12939303                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12428962                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6866                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1020169                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2454547                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21468022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17051744     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1323493      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085154      5.05%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       467929      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594950      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575308      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327371      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25776      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16297      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21468022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31518     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244760     86.36%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7145      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7801082     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108342      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2978154     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540640     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12428962                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.549583                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283423                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022803                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46616235                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13961330                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12320260                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12712385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        21868                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121711                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10225                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       200167                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        357112                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16700                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940832                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056054                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544540                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54201                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110591                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12340257                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967536                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88705                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508038                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1616271                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.545661                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12320737                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12320260                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6654244                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13118804                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.544777                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507229                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190529                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96353                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21267855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17006578     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1555428      7.31%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729894      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720386      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195787      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838260      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62933      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45681      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112908      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21267855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       112908                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           34096901                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26084159                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                410551                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1147230                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.261525                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.261525                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.442180                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.442180                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60998102                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14313620                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15439428                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1759872                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1587671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94006                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       670010                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96994                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4152                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18637771                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11069164                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1759872                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       724283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2188103                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        295394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       444214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1071696                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94289                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     21469139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19281036     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          77823      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         160331      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          66772      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         362811      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         323222      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          62394      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         131382      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1003368      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     21469139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18530327                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       553078                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2179735                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7180                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       198813                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       154550                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12978722                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1459                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       198813                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18550265                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        390560                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       101649                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2168424                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        59422                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12970622                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        25028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        21771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          325                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15234630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     61085963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     61085963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     13486427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1748191                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1577                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          833                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          151152                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3058013                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1546129                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14130                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        76245                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12943844                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12437554                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1012675                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2431130                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21469139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17051659     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1321682      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1086172      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468344      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595987      2.78%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575621      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327602      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25745      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16327      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21469139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31437     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       245078     86.40%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7152      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7805026     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108579      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2980875     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1542330     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12437554                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.549963                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283667                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022807                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46634817                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13958442                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12330209                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12721221                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22702                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120521                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          343                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10197                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       198813                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        357908                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16505                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12945437                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3058013                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1546129                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          833                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11128                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          343                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53882                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56086                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       109968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12350096                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2970859                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            4513019                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1617826                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1542160                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546096                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12330668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12330209                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6660196                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13127314                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.545217                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507354                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10010358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11763581                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        95852                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21270326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17005378     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1556072      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730359      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       722012      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195652      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       839020      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62932      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45753      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113148      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21270326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10010358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11763581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              4473417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             2937485                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1553610                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10460443                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       113918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       113148                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           34103755                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          26092066                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                410245                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1146113                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10010358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11763581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10010358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.259185                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.259185                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.442637                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.442637                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       61048900                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14323138                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15449095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1835568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1504921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       181836                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       779802                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         718079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187937                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8153                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17587399                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10437717                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1835568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       906016                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2296087                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        511761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       579274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1084110                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     20789740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       18493653     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         247429      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         288725      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         158325      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         183544      0.88%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         101411      0.49%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          67965      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         177130      0.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1071558      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     20789740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081165                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461534                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17444727                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       724988                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2277965                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        16982                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       325075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       297792                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1905                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12737462                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        10016                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       325075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17471233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        227853                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       420840                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2269425                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        75311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12728897                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        19168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        35624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     17694041                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     59268840                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     59268840                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15138520                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2555516                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3444                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1965                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          204152                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1214630                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       663102                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17828                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       145151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12710674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3444                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12024007                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15710                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1562107                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3604284                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          469                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20789740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15718795     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2042529      9.82%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1095265      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       759047      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662555      3.19%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337640      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81626      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52633      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39650      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20789740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2998     11.59%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11050     42.72%     54.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11818     45.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10066118     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188122      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1473      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1110357      9.23%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657937      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12024007                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531677                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25866                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44879330                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14276357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11827101                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12049873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30777                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       211403                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13918                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          737                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       325075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        185368                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12198                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12714141                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           34                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1214630                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       663102                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1958                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8582                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105361                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101760                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       207121                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11848132                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1044567                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175875                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1702270                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1658506                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           657703                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523900                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11827383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11827101                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7030542                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        18403353                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522970                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382025                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8890797                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     10906986                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1807324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       182790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20464665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16009018     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2065958     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       866034      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       520251      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360314      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232994      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120828      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        97131      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       192137      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20464665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8890797                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     10906986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1652408                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1003224                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1560810                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9833083                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       221797                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       192137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           32986773                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25753716                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                270946                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1825512                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8890797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            10906986                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8890797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.543670                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.543670                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393133                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393133                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       53451767                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16416307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      11893967                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         2972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2048258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1705446                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       188158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       773973                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         745674                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         220249                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8729                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17812107                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11239003                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2048258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       965923                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2341025                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        526153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       608526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1108103                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179901                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     21097932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       18756907     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         142948      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         179391      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         288223      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         121247      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         154282      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         181032      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          83325      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1190577      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     21097932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090570                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496966                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       17706033                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       724924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2329827                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1149                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       335991                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       311509                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13740673                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1599                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       335991                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       17724627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         58648                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       615558                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2312377                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        50724                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13655410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         7359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        35179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19068950                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     63498832                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     63498832                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     15904453                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3164476                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1700                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          179116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1282006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       667688                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7384                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       152261                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13329455                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3291                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12769791                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14039                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1650712                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3388758                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21097932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15688948     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2466605     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1006877      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       566311      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765946      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       237094      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231825      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124313      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10013      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21097932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88735     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12137     10.81%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11421     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10757192     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174176      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1577      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1171583      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665263      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12769791                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.564654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            112293                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008794                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46763845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14983532                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12434302                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12882084                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9358                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248281                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10688                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       335991                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         44722                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5625                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13332751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1282006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667688                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1700                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110653                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106405                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       217058                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12546317                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151819                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223473                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1816944                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1773091                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           665125                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.554772                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12434425                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12434302                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7448629                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20020982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.549819                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372041                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9253129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11401981                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1930808                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3184                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       189544                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20761941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15934348     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2447247     11.79%     88.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889245      4.28%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       441980      2.13%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404110      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169626      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168621      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        80104      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226660      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20761941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9253129                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11401981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1690722                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1033722                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1652517                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10265665                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       235467                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       226660                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           33868005                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27001590                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                273047                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1517320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9253129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11401981                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9253129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.444065                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.444065                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.409154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.409154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       56449969                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17374819                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12702422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2049451                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1706447                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       188085                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776265                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         745673                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         220063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17809793                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11245764                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2049451                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       965736                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2341493                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        525886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       603527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1107873                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179697                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     21090899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       18749406     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         142988      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         178816      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         288109      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         121243      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         154604      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         181153      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          83409      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1191171      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     21090899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090623                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497265                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       17703947                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       719823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2330144                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       335801                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       311681                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13745662                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1628                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       335801                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       17722521                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         59017                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       610171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2312746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        50636                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13659889                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         7326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        35135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19075647                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     63516257                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     63516257                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15911463                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3164160                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3283                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1704                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          178656                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1281402                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       667968                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       151846                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13332657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12774461                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13814                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1649044                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3377600                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21090899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15680349     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2467204     11.70%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1007096      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       566215      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766665      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236970      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231780      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124730      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9890      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21090899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88610     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12076     10.77%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11420     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10761566     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174352      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1171339      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665626      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12774461                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.564860                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            112106                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008776                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46765739                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14985072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12439899                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12886567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9564                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247191                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10651                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       335801                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         45115                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5598                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13335958                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1281402                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667968                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1705                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4824                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110085                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       216947                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12551400                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151793                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1817307                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1773807                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           665514                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.554997                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12440017                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12439899                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7452646                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20028282                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.550067                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9257220                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11407102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1928880                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       189464                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20755098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15926017     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2447709     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888936      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442323      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404778      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       170048      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168596      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79904      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226787      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20755098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9257220                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11407102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1691525                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1034208                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1653288                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10270269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       235582                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       226787                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           33864228                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27007795                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                272617                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1524353                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9257220                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11407102                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9257220                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.442985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.442985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.409335                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.409335                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       56473731                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17382233                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12709937                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2049641                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1706490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       188038                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         745328                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         220029                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17810869                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11245021                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2049641                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       965357                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2341978                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        525512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       609020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1107912                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179656                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     21097630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       18755652     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         143080      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         179797      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         288341      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         120820      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         154497      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         180864      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          83176      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1191403      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     21097630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090631                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.497232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17705077                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       725253                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2330621                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1198                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       335473                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       311840                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13744769                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       335473                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17723828                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         58404                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       615857                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2313020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        51041                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13658470                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         7328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        35476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19074940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     63506404                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     63506404                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15913600                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3161335                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3282                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1703                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          180727                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1281399                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       667805                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       152365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13332297                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12774807                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14187                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1646976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3373668                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21097630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15686525     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2466771     11.69%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1009197      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       565519      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765956      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       237082      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       232215      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124359      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10006      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21097630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88641     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12167     10.84%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11421     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10761892     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174329      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1171523      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665485      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12774807                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.564876                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            112229                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46773660                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14982644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12439740                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12887036                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9648                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247057                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       335473                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         44430                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5652                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13335596                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1281399                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667805                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1704                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4923                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110084                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106825                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       216909                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12551522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1152059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1817429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1774212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           665370                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555003                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12439860                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12439740                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7452427                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20022702                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550060                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372199                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9258449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11408612                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1927026                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3184                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       189409                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20762157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15931858     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2448619     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889216      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       443074      2.13%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404112      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169694      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168607      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        80037      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226940      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20762157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9258449                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11408612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1691734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1034339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1653495                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10271634                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       235612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       226940                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           33870790                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27006767                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                272712                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1517622                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9258449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11408612                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9258449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.442661                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.442661                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.409390                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.409390                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       56471538                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17383488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12709004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2048326                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1705305                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       188118                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776358                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         746374                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         220174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8772                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17811554                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11238363                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2048326                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       966548                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2341239                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        525715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       601701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1108116                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179772                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     21090371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18749132     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         143217      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         179438      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         288076      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         121130      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         155144      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         180913      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          83081      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1190240      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     21090371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090573                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.496937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17705725                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       717901                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2329982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1152                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       335603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       311712                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13738708                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1579                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       335603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17724164                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         58507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       609021                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2312677                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        50392                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13653429                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         7284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        35008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19064921                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63487166                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63487166                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15905654                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3159267                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3287                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1708                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          177435                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1281849                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       667661                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       151723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13326566                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3299                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12770017                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13690                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1647012                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3372880                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21090371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15681018     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2466901     11.70%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1007281      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       565740      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766483      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236667      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231832      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124517      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9932      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21090371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88258     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12149     10.87%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11410     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10757572     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174260      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1171367      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665240      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12770017                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.564664                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111817                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008756                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46755912                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14976947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12434875                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12881834                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248028                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           73                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10586                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       335603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         44681                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13329872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1281849                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667661                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1709                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4850                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           73                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110359                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106616                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       216975                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12546603                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151734                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223414                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1816885                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1773322                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           665151                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.554785                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12434984                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12434875                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7448816                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20016529                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.549845                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372133                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9253844                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11402921                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1926998                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       189513                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20754768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15926772     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2447475     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888821      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       441953      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404724      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169994      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168663      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79827      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226539      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20754768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9253844                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11402921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1690896                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1033821                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1652667                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10266539                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       235505                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       226539                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           33858083                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26995453                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                272825                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1524881                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9253844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11402921                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9253844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.443877                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.443877                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.409186                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.409186                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       56450853                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17374483                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12701997                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2047948                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1705540                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187992                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775045                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         746041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219985                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8722                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17815471                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11237010                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2047948                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       966026                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2341063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        525057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       608514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1107892                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     21100388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       18759325     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         143045      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         180567      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         288269      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         120641      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         154261      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         181220      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          83024      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1190036      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     21100388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090556                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496878                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17709548                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       724843                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2329777                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1153                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       335059                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       311084                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13734629                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1601                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       335059                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17728153                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         58742                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       615308                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2312263                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        50856                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13649000                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         7267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        35347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19063966                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     63468689                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     63468689                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15913181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3150785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3290                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1711                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          179761                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1280134                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       667329                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7426                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       151805                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13325552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3302                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12769090                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13679                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1644032                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3369010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21100388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15690236     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2467659     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1008589      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       565303      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765676      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236453      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231918      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124565      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9989      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21100388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88462     79.03%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12049     10.76%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11421     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10756895     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174326      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1171421      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664870      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12769090                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.564623                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111932                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008766                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46764179                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14972965                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12434726                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12881022                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9291                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245819                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9943                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       335059                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         44972                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13328856                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1280134                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667329                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1711                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4897                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110900                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106046                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       216946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12546116                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151857                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       222974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1816608                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1773270                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           664751                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.554763                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12434838                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12434726                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7450106                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20018325                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.549838                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372164                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9258207                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11408320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1920583                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3184                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       189383                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20765329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15934322     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2449299     11.80%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889300      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       443276      2.13%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403899      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169899      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168623      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79924      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226787      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20765329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9258207                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11408320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1691701                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1034315                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1653444                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10271383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       235609                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       226787                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           33867380                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          26992874                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                272585                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1514864                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9258207                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11408320                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9258207                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.442725                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.442725                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.409379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.409379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       56449993                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      17377077                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12700577                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1760358                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1587806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93657                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       656816                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627600                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97061                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4168                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18639928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11071829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1760358                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       724661                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2188741                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        295020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       439432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1071475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93971                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     21467128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19278387     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          77988      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         160411      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          66720      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         362850      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         323342      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          62385      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         131319      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1003726      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     21467128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489574                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18531893                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       548908                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2180524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       198788                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       154923                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12981817                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1466                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       198788                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18551842                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        389270                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        98733                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2168999                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        59490                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12973698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        24673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        21976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          821                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15236745                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     61102062                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     61102062                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     13488213                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1748520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1511                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          151072                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3059269                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1546874                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14008                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        75365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12946626                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1515                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12440083                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6894                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1015516                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2435901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21467128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17048348     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1321500      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1087623      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468978      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595226      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575472      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       328021      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25667      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16293      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21467128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31587     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       245125     86.33%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7216      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7805707     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108612      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2982144     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1542876     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12440083                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550075                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283928                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46638116                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13963999                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12332295                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12724011                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22420                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120998                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       198788                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        356231                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12948152                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3059269                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1546874                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       109476                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12352466                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2971944                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4514622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1618378                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1542678                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12332769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12332295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6661174                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13125466                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545309                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507500                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10012069                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11765526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        95501                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21268340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17002422     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1556592      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730545      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       721823      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195799      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       839540      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62848      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45777      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112994      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21268340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10012069                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11765526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4474585                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             2938264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1553843                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10462155                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       113918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       112994                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           34104567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26097327                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                410189                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1148124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10012069                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11765526                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10012069                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.258799                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.258799                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.442713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.442713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       61061417                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14323718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15453070                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2046959                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1704170                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       188254                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776356                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         746436                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         220155                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8776                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17814355                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11231114                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2046959                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       966591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2340256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        525365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       605893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1108084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179933                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     21095892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       18755636     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         142898      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         180015      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         288252      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         120993      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         154861      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         181013      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          83113      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1189111      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     21095892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090512                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.496617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17708670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       721908                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2329014                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1185                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       335107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       311470                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13730259                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1593                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       335107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17727180                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         58361                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       612995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2311653                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        50589                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13645179                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         7347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        35054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19055855                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     63452584                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     63452584                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15908034                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3147821                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3307                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1728                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          178720                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1280741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       667529                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7569                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       151409                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13320515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3320                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12766608                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1640666                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3359833                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21095892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15686547     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2467547     11.70%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1007329      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       566258      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765750      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236358      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231769      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124447      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9887      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21095892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88055     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12120     10.86%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11427     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10754448     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174242      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1171192      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665148      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12766608                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.564513                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111602                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46754089                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14964583                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12431864                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12878210                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9498                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246746                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10350                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       335107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         44417                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13323840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1280741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667529                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1729                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4868                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110815                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106287                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       217102                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12543458                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151676                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1816692                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1773169                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           665016                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.554646                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12431973                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12431864                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7447972                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20013961                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.549711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372139                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9255246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11404656                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1919232                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3184                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       189636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20760785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15932350     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2447313     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889273      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442175      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404650      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169894      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168427      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79984      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226719      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20760785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9255246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11404656                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1691174                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1033995                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1652931                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10268076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       235532                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       226719                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           33857889                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          26982895                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                272950                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1519360                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9255246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11404656                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9255246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.443506                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.443506                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.409248                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.409248                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       56437448                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17372744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12694633                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               22615247                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1837261                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1502697                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       181270                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       752183                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         721284                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188026                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8020                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17813003                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10425847                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1837261                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       909310                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2182868                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        528866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       319629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1097196                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       182456                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     20659132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       18476264     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         118276      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         185590      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         296874      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         123058      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         137508      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         146916      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          96607      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1078039      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     20659132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081240                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461010                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17648974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       485365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2175631                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         5798                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       343361                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       300929                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12731070                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1613                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       343361                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17676782                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        154071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       250225                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2154150                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        80540                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12722317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         1836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        21701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        30223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5234                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17657150                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     59179187                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     59179187                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15030721                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2626429                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3251                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1796                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          238779                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1214306                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       651251                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19400                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       148479                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12702762                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3263                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12006501                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1641207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3668300                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          328                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20659132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15601128     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2027920      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1108883      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757288      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       709254      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203850      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160021      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53745      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37043      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20659132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2856     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9206     39.99%     52.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10956     47.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10058599     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189787      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1453      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1109371      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       647291      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12006501                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530903                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23018                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001917                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44710438                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14347383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11810295                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12029519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35970                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       222091                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20530                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          772                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       343361                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        106505                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12706042                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1214306                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       651251                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1797                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7732                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104787                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104495                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       209282                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11833319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1043355                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       173182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1690339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1664012                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           646984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523245                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11810485                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11810295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6905241                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        18050908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522227                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382543                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8829676                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     10822857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1883228                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2935                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       184852                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20315771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15920312     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2129777     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829762      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444521      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       334248      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186288      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       116231      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102881      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251751      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20315771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8829676                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     10822857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1622936                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              992215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1464                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1553520                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9752229                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       219853                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       251751                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           32770040                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          25755562                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                289532                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1956115                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8829676                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            10822857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8829676                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.561277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.561277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390430                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390430                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       53357761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16369434                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11871356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         2932                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1759797                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1587667                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94193                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       653257                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96956                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4193                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18645178                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11064499                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1759797                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       724782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2187557                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        295091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       444342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1072003                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94471                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     21475654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19288097     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          77383      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         161031      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          66587      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         363121      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         323398      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          62594      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         131149      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1002294      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     21475654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077815                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489249                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18537713                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       553214                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2179222                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7162                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       198337                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       154547                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12972218                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1469                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       198337                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18557552                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        393491                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        99039                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2167905                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        59324                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12964171                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        24995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        21633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          482                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15227986                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     61056402                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056402                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     13486551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1741421                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1510                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          150759                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056840                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1545594                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14037                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        75053                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12937027                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1514                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12433353                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6558                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1006649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2417242                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21475654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17058282     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1322609      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1086167      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468638      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595025      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575387      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327627      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25653      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16266      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21475654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31441     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244941     86.39%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7158      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7802266     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108512      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2980051     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1541780     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12433353                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.549777                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283540                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022805                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46632458                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13945534                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12325938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12716893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22316                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       119296                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          346                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9633                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       198337                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        360490                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16675                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12938549                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056840                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1545594                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11280                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          346                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56035                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       110177                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12345432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2970054                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            4511678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1617878                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1541624                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.545890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12326415                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12325938                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6657523                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13117300                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545028                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507538                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10010476                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11763717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1176102                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        96019                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21277317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17011845     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1556652      7.32%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730623      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       721462      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195836      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       839216      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62868      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45719      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113096      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21277317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10010476                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11763717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              4473497                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             2937541                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1553627                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10460562                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       113918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       113096                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           34104014                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          26078021                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                410545                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1139598                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10010476                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11763717                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10010476                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.259159                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.259159                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.442643                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.442643                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       61027885                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14318796                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15443486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2048265                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1705180                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       188058                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       777522                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         746822                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219868                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8725                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17813051                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11235726                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2048265                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       966690                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2340968                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        524991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       608634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1108124                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179837                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     21097866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       18756898     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         143006      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         180069      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         288117      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         121091      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         155152      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         180929      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          83186      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1189418      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     21097866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090570                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17707574                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       724391                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2329802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1166                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       334925                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       311722                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          289                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13734976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       334925                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17726042                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         58492                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       615394                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2312530                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        50476                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13650524                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         7285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        35024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19061220                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     63473774                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     63473774                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15911662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3149549                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3329                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1749                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          178266                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1280591                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       667733                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7686                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       152057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13323098                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3341                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12769710                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13462                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1641157                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3354367                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          157                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21097866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15687217     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2468536     11.70%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1008483      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       564753      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765638      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236181      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       232831      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124310      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9917      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21097866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88225     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12118     10.84%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11419     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10757506     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174314      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1171010      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665302      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12769710                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.564650                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111762                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46762507                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14967675                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12434894                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12881472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246365                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10405                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       334925                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         44717                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5555                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13326443                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1280591                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667733                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1750                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4809                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110419                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106281                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       216700                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12546042                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151429                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1816608                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1773569                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           665179                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.554760                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12434991                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12434894                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7449092                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20017508                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.549845                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9257326                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11407238                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1919248                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3184                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       189437                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20762941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15932979     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2448619     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889119      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442354      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404703      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169913      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168610      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79870      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226774      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20762941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9257326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11407238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1691547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1034223                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1653309                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10270390                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       235584                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       226774                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           33862588                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          26987919                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                272844                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1517386                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9257326                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11407238                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9257326                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.442957                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.442957                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.409340                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.409340                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       56448629                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17374525                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12699543                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1836148                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1505206                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182795                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774561                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         718150                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187723                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8068                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17583276                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10444561                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1836148                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       905873                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2298296                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        516992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       587611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1085166                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181304                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     20800423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18502127     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         248437      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         288276      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         158596      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         183586      0.88%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         100449      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          68531      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         177786      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1072635      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     20800423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081191                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461837                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17440198                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       733738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2280318                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        16837                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       329329                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       298097                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1911                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12750413                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        10035                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       329329                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17466900                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        211111                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       447124                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2271418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        74538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12741454                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        18755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        35359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17706312                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     59331748                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     59331748                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15111695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2594603                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3472                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1999                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          202615                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1218906                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       663419                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17655                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       146615                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12721103                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3483                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12020983                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16135                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1593606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3681119                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          513                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20800423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15732607     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2040514      9.81%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1094139      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758720      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662157      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338351      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81554      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52724      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39657      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20800423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2944     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11598     44.10%     55.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11760     44.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10062140     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187942      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1470      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1111244      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       658187      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12020983                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531543                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26302                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002188                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44884825                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14318329                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11820859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12047285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30473                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217464                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15420                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          736                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       329329                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        168859                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11862                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12724607                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3538                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1218906                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       663419                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8268                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106004                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102372                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       208376                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11843006                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1044011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1701992                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1656769                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           657981                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523673                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11821120                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11820859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7026541                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        18406926                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522694                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381734                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8875024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     10887633                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1837123                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2970                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       183753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20471094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16023516     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2062105     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       865166      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       518481      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359722      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232280      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       121113      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96901      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191810      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20471094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8875024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     10887633                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1649441                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1001442                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1558046                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9815651                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       221412                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       191810                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           33003975                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25778862                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                271828                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1814829                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8875024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            10887633                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8875024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.548191                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.548191                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       53424522                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16406764                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      11899805                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         2966                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               22615248                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1837077                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1502518                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       181189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       753638                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         721406                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188091                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8026                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17815917                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10427226                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1837077                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       909497                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2182922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        528514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       321299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1097192                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       182391                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     20663503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18480581     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         118341      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         185167      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         297265      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         123133      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         136994      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         147330      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          96441      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1078251      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     20663503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081232                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461071                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17652748                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       486135                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2175646                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       343094                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       300896                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12732482                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       343094                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17680673                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        154498                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       252055                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2154143                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        79037                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12723247                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        30226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4019                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17659086                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     59184268                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     59184268                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15034483                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2624603                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1803                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          238955                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1214402                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       651557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19284                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       148435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12703499                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3267                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12007317                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15315                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1639561                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3667669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          333                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20663503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15603997     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2029223      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1109733      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756929      3.66%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       709457      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203237      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159836      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53916      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37175      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20663503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2859     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9035     39.56%     52.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10945     47.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10058735     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189826      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1453      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1109851      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       647452      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12007317                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530939                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22839                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001902                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44716291                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14346477                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11811045                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12030156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35910                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       221939                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20677                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          770                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       343094                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        106848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12706792                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2401                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1214402                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       651557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7710                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104932                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104209                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       209141                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11834191                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1043718                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       173126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1690848                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1664072                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           647130                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523284                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11811271                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11811045                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6905131                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18049551                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522260                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382565                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8831853                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10825575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1881255                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2934                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       184770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20320409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15923489     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2130082     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       830581      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444903      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       334101      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186520      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       116266      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102714      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251753      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20320409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8831853                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10825575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1623343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              992463                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1464                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1553908                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9754677                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       219911                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       251753                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           32775421                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25756785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                289592                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1951745                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8831853                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10825575                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8831853                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.560646                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.560646                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       53363452                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16371115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11873062                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         2930                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               22615252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1866177                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1526994                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184042                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       766077                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732879                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192011                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8353                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17959545                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10435737                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1866177                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       924890                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2177040                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        503725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       418389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1100390                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184124                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     20872278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       18695238     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         100918      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         160905      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         217831      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         224257      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         190221      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         106466      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         158153      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1018289      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     20872278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082519                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461447                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17776604                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       603118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2172999                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2478                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       317076                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       306958                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12804819                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1350                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       317076                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17825519                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        127700                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       363634                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2127268                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       111078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12799851                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        14985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        48463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17858718                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     59542464                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     59542464                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15448489                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2410229                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1643                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          334188                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1199271                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       648112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7571                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       214631                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12784341                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12127138                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1828                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1436737                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3454055                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20872278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15695421     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2164472     10.37%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084888      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       790403      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       625304      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       256130      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160601      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84263      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10796      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20872278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2544     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7534     37.41%     50.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10062     49.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10200050     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       181058      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1518      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1098690      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645822      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12127138                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536237                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20140                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45148522                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14224313                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11943836                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12147278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       195744                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9741                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       317076                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        102367                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11274                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12787538                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1199271                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       648112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1645                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106364                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103857                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       210221                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11959148                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1033399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167990                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1679164                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1698633                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           645765                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.528809                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11943970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11943836                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6856280                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18480432                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528132                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371002                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9005424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11080859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1706692                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3063                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       186150                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20555202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15970199     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2292061     11.15%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       847871      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404839      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364918      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       197323      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156805      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78066      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243120      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20555202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9005424                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11080859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1641898                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1003527                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1528                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1597865                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9983693                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       228151                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       243120                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           33099568                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25892193                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                274120                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1742974                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9005424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11080859                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9005424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.511292                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.511292                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398201                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398201                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       53821124                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16638569                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      11867702                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3060                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          30110                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.763500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2148026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          62877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          34.162349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           282.069227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.623368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1462.920848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.116470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1432.982579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.137992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   779.305653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.928173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   445.751339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.598984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   455.750507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.802677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   441.352556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.962481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   452.422134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.498800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   444.815102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.399736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1458.458544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.420062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   456.157434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.231199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1100.631044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.595217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1436.460775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.428612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   451.152126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.856610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   785.738655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.617045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1083.130979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.092060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   563.531950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1530.201733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1555.850138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1277.507974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           852.382866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           854.342632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           876.549220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           862.624977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           866.460482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1535.815978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           856.889662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1537.861215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1562.220109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           851.887386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1269.545862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1491.932515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1043.749811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.044645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.043731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.023783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.013603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.013908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.013469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.013807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.013575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.044509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.013921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.033589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.043837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.013768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.023979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.033055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.017198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.046698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.047481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.038986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.026013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.026072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.026750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.026325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.026442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.046869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.026150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.046932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.047675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.025998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.038743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.045530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.031853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   49711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17047                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17047                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   190                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    49901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4151                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3218                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   49901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 30108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1005                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          994                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1702                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2547                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1270                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5321948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    487026475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5586278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    479691325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5169574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    260943324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5987837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152368592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5798953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    154720052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6406326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150188466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5388009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    151334077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6333952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150669087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5424574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    486185109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5892810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    150562823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5597780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    383227858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5333550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    480216197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6384521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    149955546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5366025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    256639530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5412559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    385080240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5963995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    191159066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4561336458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5321948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    487026475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5586278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    479691325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5169574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    260943324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5987837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152368592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5798953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    154720052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6406326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150188466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5388009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    151334077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6333952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150669087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5424574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    486185109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5892810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    150562823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5597780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    383227858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5333550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    480216197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6384521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    149955546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5366025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    256639530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5412559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    385080240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5963995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    191159066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4561336458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5321948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    487026475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5586278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    479691325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5169574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    260943324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5987837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152368592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5798953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    154720052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6406326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150188466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5388009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    151334077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6333952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150669087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5424574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    486185109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5892810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    150562823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5597780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    383227858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5333550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    480216197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6384521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    149955546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5366025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    256639530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5412559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    385080240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5963995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    191159066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4561336458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               79819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17047                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17047                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                80009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               80009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.438887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.433046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.298751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.297891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.438649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.395457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.433502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.395989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.377203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.438527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.432691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.438289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.295791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.394537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.433146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.395067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.376308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.438527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.432691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.438289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.295791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.394537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.433146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.395067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.376308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156527.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152053.223540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155174.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151513.368604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152046.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151096.308049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161833.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151610.539303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156728.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151093.800781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164264.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151095.036217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153943.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150881.432702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166682.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151884.160282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150682.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152123.000313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159265.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150864.552104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151291.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150758.402046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152387.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151727.076461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168013.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151470.248485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       153315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150787.032902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150348.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151189.729093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149099.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150518.949606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151499.151654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156527.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152053.223540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155174.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151513.368604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152046.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151096.308049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161833.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151610.539303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156728.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151093.800781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164264.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151095.036217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153943.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150881.432702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166682.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151884.160282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150682.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152123.000313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159265.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150864.552104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151291.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150758.402046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152387.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151727.076461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168013.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151470.248485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       153315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150787.032902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150348.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151189.729093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149099.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150518.949606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151499.151654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156527.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152053.223540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155174.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151513.368604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152046.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151096.308049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161833.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151610.539303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156728.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151093.800781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164264.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151095.036217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153943.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150881.432702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166682.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151884.160282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150682.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152123.000313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159265.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150864.552104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151291.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150758.402046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152387.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151727.076461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168013.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151470.248485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       153315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150787.032902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150348.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151189.729093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149099.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150518.949606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151499.151654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9764                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9764                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            30108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             30108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            30108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3344978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300552133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3490977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    295411363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3191810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    160362851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3836997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     93867536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3647890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     95084993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4142967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92308891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3355116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     92917586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4129131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92912059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3333081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    300143528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3742188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92457097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3446495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    235220513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3296959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    295999698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4176477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     92311956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3329524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157501770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3317450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    236791613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3636528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    117205573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2808467728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3344978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300552133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3490977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    295411363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3191810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    160362851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3836997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     93867536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3647890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     95084993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4142967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92308891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3355116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     92917586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4129131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92912059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3333081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    300143528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3742188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92457097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3446495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    235220513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3296959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    295999698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4176477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     92311956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3329524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157501770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3317450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    236791613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3636528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    117205573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2808467728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3344978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300552133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3490977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    295411363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3191810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    160362851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3836997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     93867536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3647890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     95084993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4142967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92308891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3355116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     92917586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4129131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92912059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3333081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    300143528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3742188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92457097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3446495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    235220513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3296959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    295999698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4176477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     92311956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3329524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157501770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3317450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    236791613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3636528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    117205573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2808467728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.438887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.433046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.298751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.297891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.438649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.395457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.433502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.395989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.377203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.438527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.432691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.438289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.295791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.394537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.433146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.395067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.376308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.438527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.432691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.438289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.295791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.394537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.433146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.395067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98381.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93834.571652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96971.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93307.442514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93876.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92856.312102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103702.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93400.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98591.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92856.438477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 106229.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92866.087525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95860.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92639.666999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108661.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93661.349798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92585.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93912.242804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101140.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92642.381764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93148.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92533.640047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94198.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93522.811374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 109907.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93244.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95129.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92539.230317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92151.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92968.831174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90913.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92287.852756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93279.783712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98381.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93834.571652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96971.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93307.442514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93876.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92856.312102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103702.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93400.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98591.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92856.438477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 106229.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92866.087525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95860.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92639.666999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108661.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93661.349798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92585.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93912.242804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101140.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92642.381764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93148.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92533.640047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94198.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93522.811374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 109907.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93244.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95129.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92539.230317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92151.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92968.831174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90913.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92287.852756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93279.783712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98381.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93834.571652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96971.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93307.442514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93876.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92856.312102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103702.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93400.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98591.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92856.438477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 106229.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92866.087525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95860.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92639.666999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108661.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93661.349798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92585.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93912.242804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101140.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92642.381764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93148.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92533.640047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94198.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93522.811374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 109907.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93244.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95129.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92539.230317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92151.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92968.831174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90913.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92287.852756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93279.783712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              571.394915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001080002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1731972.321799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.097427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.297487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1072112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1072112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1072112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1072112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1072112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1072112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8595362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8595362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8595362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8595362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8595362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8595362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1072156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1072156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1072156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1072156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1072156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1072156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 195349.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195349.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 195349.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195349.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 195349.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195349.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7426637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7426637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7426637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7426637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7426637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7426637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 212189.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212189.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 212189.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212189.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 212189.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212189.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393104016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51997.885714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.781063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.218937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.432739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.567261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2800512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2800512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4333290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4333290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4333290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4333290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        26048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        26048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3119369169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3119369169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1901772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1901772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3121270941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3121270941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3121270941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3121270941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119837.463273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119837.463273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       105654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       105654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119827.662047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119827.662047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119827.662047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119827.662047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    808035077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    808035077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       578163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       578163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    808613240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    808613240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    808613240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    808613240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110720.070841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110720.070841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96360.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96360.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110708.274918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110708.274918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110708.274918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110708.274918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              572.670636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001079534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1725999.196552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.944110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.726527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1071644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1071644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1071644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1071644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1071644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9540486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9540486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9540486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9540486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9540486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9540486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1071696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1071696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1071696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 183470.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183470.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 183470.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183470.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 183470.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183470.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7529681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7529681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7529681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7529681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7529681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7529681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 203504.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203504.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 203504.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203504.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 203504.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203504.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              393107894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             51909.136934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   110.779547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   145.220453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.432733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.567267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2802714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2802714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1534392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1534392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4337106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4337106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4337106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4337106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        26191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        26191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3123123828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3123123828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1991934                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1991934                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3125115762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3125115762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3125115762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3125115762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2828885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2828885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1534412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1534412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4363297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4363297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4363297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4363297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119335.288220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119335.288220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99596.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99596.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119320.215418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119320.215418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119320.215418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119320.215418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    805390348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    805390348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       545485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       545485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    805935833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    805935833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    805935833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    805935833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110161.448229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110161.448229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90914.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90914.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110145.665300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110145.665300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110145.665300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110145.665300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              512.772211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              972763406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1881553.976789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.772211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.049314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1084065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1084065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1084065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1084065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1084065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1084065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7675471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7675471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7675471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7675471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7675471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7675471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1084110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1084110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1084110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1084110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1084110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1084110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170566.022222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170566.022222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170566.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170566.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170566.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170566.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6209797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6209797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6209797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6209797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6209797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6209797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177422.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177422.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177422.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177422.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177422.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177422.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              153806197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             29369.142066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.540077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.459923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.884922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.115078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       761631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        761631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       645563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1623                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1623                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1407194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1407194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1407194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1407194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          437                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          437                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        17673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        17673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2170995817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2170995817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     47787184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47787184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2218783001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2218783001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2218783001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2218783001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       778867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       778867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       646000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       646000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1623                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1623                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1424867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1424867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1424867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1424867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000676                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000676                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125957.055987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125957.055987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109352.823799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109352.823799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125546.483393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125546.483393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125546.483393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125546.483393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    501045305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    501045305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1029704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1029704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    502075009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    502075009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    502075009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    502075009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100895.148006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100895.148006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68646.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68646.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100798.034330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100798.034330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100798.034330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100798.034330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              489.894510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              974691611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1973059.941296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.894510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.055921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1108050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1108050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13458183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13458183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13458183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13458183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13458183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13458183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 253927.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 253927.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 253927.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 253927.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 253927.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 253927.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10191518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10191518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10191518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10191518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10191518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10191518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 261320.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261320.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 261320.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261320.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 261320.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261320.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3378                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              144283558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 3634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             39703.785911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   219.027857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    36.972143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.855578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.144422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       882572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        882572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       653730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       653730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1536302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1536302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1536302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1536302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         8683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         8683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    911604305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    911604305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6451525                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6451525                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    918055830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    918055830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    918055830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    918055830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       891198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       891198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       653787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       653787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1544985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1544985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105680.999884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105680.999884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113184.649123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113184.649123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105730.257975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105730.257975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105730.257975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105730.257975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          748                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             748                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    328967074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328967074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1424515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1424515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    330391589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    330391589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    330391589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    330391589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97790.450059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97790.450059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101751.071429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101751.071429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97806.864713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97806.864713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97806.864713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97806.864713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              489.293269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              974691385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1973059.483806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    34.293269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.054957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1107824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1107824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1107824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1107824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1107824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1107824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12716835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12716835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12716835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12716835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12716835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12716835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1107873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1107873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1107873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1107873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1107873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1107873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 259527.244898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 259527.244898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 259527.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 259527.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 259527.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 259527.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10457024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10457024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10457024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10457024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10457024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10457024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 268128.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268128.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 268128.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268128.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 268128.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268128.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3389                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              144283494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 3645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             39583.948971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   219.274931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    36.725069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.856543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.143457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       882179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        882179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       654059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       654059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1536238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1536238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1536238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1536238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         8716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         8716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    915760723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    915760723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4269441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4269441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    920030164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    920030164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    920030164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    920030164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       890850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       890850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       654104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       654104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1544954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1544954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105611.892861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105611.892861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94876.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94876.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105556.466728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105556.466728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105556.466728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105556.466728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          765                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             765                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    329588513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329588513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1000574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1000574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    330589087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    330589087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    330589087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    330589087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97598.019840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97598.019840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83381.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83381.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97547.679847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97547.679847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97547.679847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97547.679847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              490.182956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              974691418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1965103.665323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.182956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1107857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1107857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1107857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1107857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1107857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1107857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12866932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12866932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12866932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12866932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12866932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12866932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1107912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1107912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1107912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1107912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1107912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1107912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 233944.218182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 233944.218182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 233944.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 233944.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 233944.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 233944.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10240121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10240121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10240121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10240121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10240121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10240121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 249759.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249759.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 249759.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249759.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 249759.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249759.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              144283761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 3616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             39901.482577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   219.002992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    36.997008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.855480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.144520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       882364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        882364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       654138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       654138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1536502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1536502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1536502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1536502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         8673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         8673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    915813521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    915813521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5027269                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5027269                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    920840790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    920840790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    920840790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    920840790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       890994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       890994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       654181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       654181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1545175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1545175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1545175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1545175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106119.759096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106119.759096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116913.232558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116913.232558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106173.272224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106173.272224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106173.272224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106173.272224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    328913240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328913240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1188966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1188966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    330102206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    330102206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    330102206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    330102206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98241.708483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98241.708483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99080.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99080.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98244.704167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98244.704167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98244.704167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98244.704167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              488.798550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              974691630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1981080.548780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.798550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.054164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1108069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1108069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1108069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1108069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1108069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12505521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12505521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12505521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12505521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12505521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12505521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1108116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1108116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1108116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 266074.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 266074.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 266074.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 266074.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 266074.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 266074.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10063920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10063920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10063920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10063920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10063920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10063920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 271997.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271997.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 271997.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271997.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 271997.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271997.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3380                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              144283419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 3636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             39681.908416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   219.265751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    36.734249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.856507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.143493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       882344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        882344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       653813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       653813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1536157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1536157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1536157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1536157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         8687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         8687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    913665873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    913665873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5574600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5574600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    919240473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    919240473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    919240473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    919240473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       890981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       890981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       653863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       653863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1544844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1544844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105785.095867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105785.095867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       111492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       111492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105817.943249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105817.943249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105817.943249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105817.943249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    328986264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328986264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1258715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1258715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    330244979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    330244979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    330244979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    330244979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97709.018117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97709.018117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 96824.230769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96824.230769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97705.615089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97705.615089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97705.615089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97705.615089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              490.441452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              974691404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1969073.543434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.441452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1107843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1107843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1107843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1107843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1107843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1107843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12293721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12293721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12293721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12293721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12293721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12293721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1107892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1107892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1107892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1107892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1107892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1107892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 250892.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 250892.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 250892.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 250892.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 250892.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 250892.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10155918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10155918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10155918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10155918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10155918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10155918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 253897.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253897.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 253897.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253897.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 253897.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253897.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3378                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              144283891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             39703.877545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   219.013784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    36.986216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.855523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.144477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       882531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        882531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       654091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       654091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1536622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1536622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1536622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1536622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         8705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         8705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    914481407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    914481407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7761286                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7761286                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    922242693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    922242693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    922242693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    922242693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       891155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       891155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       654172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       654172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1545327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1545327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1545327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1545327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106039.124188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106039.124188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95818.345679                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95818.345679                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105944.019874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105944.019874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105944.019874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105944.019874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    329892610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329892610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1460933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1460933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    331353543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    331353543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    331353543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    331353543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98065.579667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98065.579667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104352.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104352.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98091.634991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98091.634991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98091.634991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98091.634991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              572.254061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001079316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1725998.820690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.808805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   540.445257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.866098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1071426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1071426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1071426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1071426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1071426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9265848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9265848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9265848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9265848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9265848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9265848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1071475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1071475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1071475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 189098.938776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189098.938776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 189098.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189098.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 189098.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189098.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7761237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7761237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7761237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7761237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7761237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7761237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 209763.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209763.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 209763.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209763.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 209763.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209763.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7292                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              393109900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             52081.332803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   110.781944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   145.218056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.432742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.567258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2804395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2804395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1534779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1534779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4339174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4339174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4339174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4339174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        25900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        25920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        25920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        25920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        25920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3111908388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3111908388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1762991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1762991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3113671379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3113671379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3113671379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3113671379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2830295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2830295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1534799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1534799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4365094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4365094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4365094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4365094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120150.903012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120150.903012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 88149.550000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88149.550000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120126.210610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120126.210610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120126.210610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120126.210610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1323                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1323                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    809740402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    809740402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       485115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       485115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    810225517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    810225517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    810225517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    810225517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111136.481197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111136.481197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80852.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80852.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111111.562946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111111.562946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111111.562946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111111.562946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              489.893166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              974691594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1973059.906883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.893166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.055919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1108033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1108033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1108033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1108033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1108033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13021045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13021045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13021045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13021045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13021045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13021045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1108084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1108084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1108084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 255314.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 255314.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 255314.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 255314.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 255314.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 255314.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10122985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10122985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10122985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10122985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10122985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10122985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 259563.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259563.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 259563.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259563.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 259563.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259563.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3374                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              144283383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 3630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             39747.488430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   219.011784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    36.988216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.855515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.144485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       882196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        882196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       653902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       653902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1536098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1536098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1536098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1536098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         8690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         8690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    909793665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    909793665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7777558                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7777558                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    917571223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    917571223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    917571223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    917571223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       890823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       890823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       653965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       653965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1544788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1544788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105458.869248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105458.869248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123453.301587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123453.301587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105589.323705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105589.323705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105589.323705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105589.323705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        32374                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        32374                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    326869187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326869187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1583620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1583620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    328452807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    328452807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    328452807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    328452807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97253.551622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97253.551622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121816.923077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121816.923077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97348.194132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97348.194132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97348.194132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97348.194132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              520.540814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              977200663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1850758.831439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.540814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1097148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1097148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1097148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1097148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1097148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7319002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7319002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7319002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7319002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7319002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7319002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1097196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1097196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1097196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152479.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152479.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152479.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152479.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152479.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152479.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6055352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6055352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6055352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6055352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6055352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6055352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159351.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159351.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159351.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159351.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159351.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159351.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6443                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              162701681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             24287.457979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   228.025787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    27.974213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.890726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.109274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       759168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        759168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       627666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       627666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1466                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1466                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1386834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1386834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1386834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1386834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        16596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        16596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1937486398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1937486398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7489399                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7489399                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1944975797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1944975797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1944975797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1944975797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       775673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       775673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       627757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       627757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1466                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1466                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1403430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1403430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1403430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1403430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117387.845986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117387.845986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82301.087912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82301.087912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117195.456556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117195.456556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117195.456556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117195.456556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    672668924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    672668924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       989473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       989473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    673658397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    673658397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    673658397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    673658397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104646.690106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104646.690106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65964.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65964.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104556.634642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104556.634642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104556.634642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104556.634642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              571.821876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1001079847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1728980.737478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.524684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.297192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1071957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1071957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1071957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1071957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1071957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9181475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9181475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9181475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9181475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9181475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9181475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1072003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1072003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1072003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1072003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1072003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1072003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199597.282609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199597.282609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199597.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 199597.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199597.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 199597.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7709214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7709214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7709214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7709214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7709214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7709214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 214144.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214144.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 214144.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214144.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 214144.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214144.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7307                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              393107538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 7563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             51977.725506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   110.784898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   145.215102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.432754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.567246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2802394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2802394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1534418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1534418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4336812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4336812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4336812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4336812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        26145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3125443779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3125443779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1673696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1673696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3127117475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3127117475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3127117475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3127117475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2828520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2828520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1534437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1534437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4362957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4362957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4362957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4362957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119629.632512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119629.632512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 88089.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88089.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119606.711608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119606.711608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119606.711608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119606.711608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1441                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1441                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    805993931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    805993931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       438525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       438525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    806432456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    806432456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    806432456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    806432456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110395.004931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110395.004931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 73087.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73087.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110364.370604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110364.370604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110364.370604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110364.370604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              489.834856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              974691635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1969074.010101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.834856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.055825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1108074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1108074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1108074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1108074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1108074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12477157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12477157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12477157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12477157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12477157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12477157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1108124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1108124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1108124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 249543.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 249543.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 249543.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 249543.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 249543.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 249543.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10049636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10049636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10049636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10049636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10049636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10049636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 251240.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251240.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 251240.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251240.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 251240.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251240.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3365                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              144283101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 3621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             39846.202983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.007008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.992992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.855496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.144504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       881734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        881734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       654060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       654060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1535794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1535794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1535794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1535794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         8685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         8685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    911676044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    911676044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6185123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6185123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    917861167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    917861167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    917861167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    917861167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       890369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       890369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       654110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       654110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1544479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1544479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105579.159699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105579.159699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123702.460000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123702.460000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105683.496488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105683.496488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105683.496488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105683.496488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    328088867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328088867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1337178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1337178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    329426045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329426045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    329426045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329426045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97878.540274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97878.540274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102859.846154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102859.846154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97897.784547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97897.784547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97897.784547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97897.784547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.648003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              972764463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1877923.673745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.648003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.049115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1085122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1085122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1085122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1085122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1085122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1085122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7518179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7518179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7518179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7518179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7518179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7518179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1085166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1085166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1085166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1085166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1085166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1085166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170867.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170867.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170867.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170867.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170867.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170867.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6332159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6332159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6332159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6332159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6332159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6332159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175893.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175893.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175893.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175893.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175893.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175893.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              153805376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             29715.103555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.463065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.536935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.884621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.115379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       761989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        761989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       644389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1483                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1483                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1406378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1406378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        17494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        17494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2136593394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2136593394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     49326520                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49326520                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2185919914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2185919914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2185919914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2185919914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       779049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       779049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       644823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1621                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1621                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1483                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1483                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1423872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1423872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000673                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000673                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125239.941032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125239.941032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113655.576037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113655.576037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124952.550246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124952.550246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124952.550246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124952.550246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    493478838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    493478838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       992407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       992407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    494471245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    494471245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    494471245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    494471245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100607.306422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100607.306422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66160.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66160.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100502.285569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100502.285569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100502.285569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100502.285569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              520.093401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              977200659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1854270.700190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.093401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1097144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1097144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1097144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1097144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1097144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7161843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7161843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7161843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7161843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7161843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7161843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1097192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1097192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1097192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149205.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149205.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149205.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149205.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149205.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149205.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5849956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5849956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5849956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5849956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5849956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5849956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158106.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158106.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158106.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158106.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158106.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158106.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              162702210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             24273.043413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.986364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.013636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.890572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.109428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       759546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        759546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       627825                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       627825                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1387371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1387371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1387371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1387371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        16554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        16554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1933197337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1933197337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7154190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7154190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1940351527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1940351527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1940351527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1940351527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       776008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       776008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       627917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       627917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1403925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1403925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1403925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1403925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117433.928866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117433.928866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 77762.934783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77762.934783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117213.454573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117213.454573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117213.454573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117213.454573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    674953684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    674953684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       974813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       974813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    675928497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    675928497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    675928497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    675928497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104936.828980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104936.828980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64987.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64987.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104843.880409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104843.880409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104843.880409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104843.880409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              511.044134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              971550702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1879208.321083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    36.044134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.057763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1100340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1100340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1100340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1100340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1100340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1100340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7662774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7662774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7662774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7662774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7662774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7662774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1100390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1100390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1100390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1100390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1100390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1100390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153255.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153255.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153255.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153255.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153255.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153255.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6508218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6508218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6508218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6508218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6508218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6508218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154957.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154957.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154957.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154957.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154957.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154957.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3766                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148005916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36799.084038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   222.520236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    33.479764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.869220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.130780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       756097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        756097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       635349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       635349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1623                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1391446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1391446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1391446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1391446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        11960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        11960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1420992529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1420992529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6637917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6637917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1427630446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1427630446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1427630446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1427630446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       767977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       635429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       635429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1623                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1403406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1403406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1403406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1403406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119612.165741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119612.165741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82973.962500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82973.962500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119367.094147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119367.094147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119367.094147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119367.094147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    371377003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371377003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       975923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       975923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    372352926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372352926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    372352926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    372352926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99007.465476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99007.465476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65061.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65061.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98872.258630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98872.258630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98872.258630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98872.258630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
