
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011191                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11190714165                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538966090710                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 382140                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   490467                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 268652                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41654.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15918038909                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20430393937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       377472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       434048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       433280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       153600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       239232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       239488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       239232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       236800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       239488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       239360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       154112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       435968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       434944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       434048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4633600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1008512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1008512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            7879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 7879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33730823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38786443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     38717815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13725666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       308827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21377724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       366018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21400600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21377724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21160401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       331704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21400600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21389162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       480398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13771418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     38958014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     38866510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     38786443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               414057578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       308827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       366018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       331704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       480398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6279492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          90120432                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               90120432                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          90120432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33730823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38786443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     38717815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13725666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       308827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21377724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       366018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21400600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21377724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21160401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       331704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21400600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21389162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       480398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13771418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     38958014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     38866510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     38786443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              504178010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19957680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11566345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2415486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23812433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21396947     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112418      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179112      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241982      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249271      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         211033      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118700      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175172      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127798      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23812433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19753179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1295317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14196385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19807337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        166378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1003747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2360214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       124552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14190539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        18334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19800941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66011693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66011693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2647543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          371863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       211905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14173352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3757125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23812433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18084418     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382817     10.01%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199700      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879054      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696414      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284027      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179795      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93579      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23812433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.51%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11806     52.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11321153     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221115      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716094      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50757039                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15748519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13252741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        136940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14176935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13269247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13252850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13252741                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20506410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1871636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23462233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18385979     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528406     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943685      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450636      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396906      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218599      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180490      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86203      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271329      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23462233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37367771                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28704083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3023813                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.683624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.683624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.372630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.372630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59723213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18461422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13155506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1887089                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543546                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186761                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774782                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741119                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192820                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8243                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18292263                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10711833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1887089                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       933939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2243607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        545566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       926943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1127466                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     21817556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19573949     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         122608      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         191794      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         304711      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         126239      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         140982      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         150695      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          98365      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1108213      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     21817556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070319                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.399155                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18117822                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1103098                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2236337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         5851                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       308970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13078024                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1641                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18146844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        231367                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       786175                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2213674                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        85048                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13067572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        22653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7509                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     18137475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     60782461                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     60782461                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15419706                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2717751                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          246837                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       669078                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20119                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       153745                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13046261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12324023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1691038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3805603                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          392                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21817556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16620452     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2086017      9.56%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139918      5.22%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779417      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       726992      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208109      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163219      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55364      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38068      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21817556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2892     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9138     39.37%     51.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11182     48.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10323652     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195116      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1490      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1139144      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664621      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12324023                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459231                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23212                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46505079                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14740851                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12121911                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12347235                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230056                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22072                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          788                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        153914                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11420                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13049692                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669078                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1897                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8496                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107655                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       215590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12145795                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071005                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  33                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1735281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1708592                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           664276                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.452589                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12122149                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12121911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7089503                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        18524259                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.451699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9057401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11101949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1947784                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3006                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       190464                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21463112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16954396     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2184825     10.18%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       850838      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457104      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       341923      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190428      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119531      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105418      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258649      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21463112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9057401                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11101949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1664713                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1017707                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1500                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1593598                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10003689                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       225523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       258649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           34254131                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          26453959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                298959                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               5018690                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9057401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11101949                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9057401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.962908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.962908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       54763419                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16803672                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12195766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1819968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1641888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       679425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         647911                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4238                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19282417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11439410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1819968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       747837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2260806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        307999                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2643966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1108120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97628                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24398112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22137306     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          80276      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         164852      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          69661      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         373940      1.53%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         334772      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          64082      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         136148      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1037075      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24398112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.426267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19076862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2853839                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2252150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       159868                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13413307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1525                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19103896                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2640459                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       122968                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2235562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        87310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13404879                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        44326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        29202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          462                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15750804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63126808                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63126808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     13921383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1829402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          206600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3157297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1594870                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        76991                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13375999                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12837431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1066232                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2579906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24398112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19786445     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1408422      5.77%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139963      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       492568      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615620      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580921      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331300      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26490      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16383      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24398112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32453     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246120     86.13%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7190      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8059509     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112218      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3074275     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1590661     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12837431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.478362                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285763                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022260                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50366209                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14444172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12726892                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13123194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23191                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127762                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10801                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2571402                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26036                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13377593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3157297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1594870                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15869                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58257                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       113837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12747590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3064307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        89841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            4654788                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1669779                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1590481                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.475014                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12727326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12726892                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6878864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13596058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.474243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10330086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12139478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1239428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        99331                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24190202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19770485     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626981      6.73%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       757612      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744396      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       207570      0.86%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       851389      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64904      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47484      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119381      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24190202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10330086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12139478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4613597                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3029528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1603078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10795073                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       117648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       119381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37449688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          26965772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                415217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2438134                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10330086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12139478                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10330086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.597872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.597872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384930                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384930                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63006715                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14789165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15956516                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1818958                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1640865                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97663                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       684959                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         646956                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99974                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4241                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19277059                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11433966                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1818958                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       746930                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2259339                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        308468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2620786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1108065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     24366864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22107525     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          79841      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         165092      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          69504      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         373048      1.53%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         334460      1.37%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          64407      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         136417      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1036570      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     24366864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067780                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.426064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19075340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2825322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2250670                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       208151                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       159903                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13407762                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1501                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       208151                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19102237                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2630368                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       105347                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2234139                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        86615                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13399346                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           46                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        43345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        29122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          578                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15747717                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     63098586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     63098586                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13914479                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1833226                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1562                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          793                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          205258                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3155520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1593641                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14528                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        77296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13370941                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12833125                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7940                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1067072                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2579579                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24366864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19757549     81.08%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1407423      5.78%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139043      4.67%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       492007      2.02%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615781      2.53%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       581084      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331197      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26371      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16409      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24366864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32235     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246225     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7195      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8058714     62.80%     62.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112212      0.87%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3072195     23.94%     87.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1589236     12.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12833125                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.478201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022259                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50326709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14439943                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12721242                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13118780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23302                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       208151                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2565157                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13372525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3155520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1593641                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          794                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55757                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       114283                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12742377                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3062124                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90748                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4651178                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1669310                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1589054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.474820                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12721651                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12721242                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6877231                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13591853                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.474032                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505982                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10323681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12132242                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1241565                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        99569                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24158713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19740922     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626911      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       757492      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744231      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       206271      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850983      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        65003      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47563      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119337      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24158713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10323681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12132242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4609586                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3026855                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1602174                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10788721                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       117640                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       119337                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37413144                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          26955810                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                415431                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2469382                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10323681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12132242                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10323681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.599484                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.599484                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       62975158                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14786229                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15946991                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26836239                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2073522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1696631                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       874108                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214326                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9322                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20001183                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11587521                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2073522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1031390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2420025                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        558091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1064905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1225053                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204951                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23836639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21416614     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         112646      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         179514      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         242384      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         249927      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         211353      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         119214      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         175609      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1129378      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23836639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077266                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.431786                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19796251                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1271845                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2415471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2801                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       350266                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       340972                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14221688                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       350266                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19850559                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        168312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       977983                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2364599                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       124915                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14215827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        18400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        53596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19835989                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     66129277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     66129277                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17192904                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2643085                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3559                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1864                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          373145                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1333989                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       720118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8526                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       212152                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14198737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13487394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1989                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1567373                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3745774                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          162                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23836639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18096368     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2388214     10.02%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1202626      5.05%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880584      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697702      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284405      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180497      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93583      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12660      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23836639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2518     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8260     36.53%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11831     52.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11344357     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200475      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1691      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1223244      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717627      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13487394                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.502581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22609                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50836025                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15769735                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13280519                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13510003                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27200                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216873                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       350266                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        138883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14202326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1333989                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10073                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119137                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       233673                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13296950                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149719                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1867289                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1889640                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           717570                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.495485                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13280634                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13280519                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7623352                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20547632                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.494873                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371009                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10023035                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12333614                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1868714                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3406                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       207265                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23486373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18398375     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2534343     10.79%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       945969      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451412      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397850      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219301      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180714      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86364      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272045      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23486373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10023035                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12333614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1827799                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1117116                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1700                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1778609                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11112436                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       254017                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       272045                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37416591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28754935                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                305232                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2999600                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10023035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12333614                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10023035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.677456                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.677456                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.373489                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.373489                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59848660                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18499041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13180222                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2318072                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929940                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212634                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       912696                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847848                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249471                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20191381                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12719186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2318072                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1097319                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2651395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        591015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1900096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1255063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203225                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     25122256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22470861     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         162345      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         204971      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         327080      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         137366      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         175097      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         204989      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          94126      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1345421      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     25122256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.473955                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20075857                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2030182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2638790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1245                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       376175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       352600                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15544444                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       376175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20096337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         64920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1909034                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2619524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        56260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15448312                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        39181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21578637                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     71840228                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     71840228                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     18046292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3532334                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3762                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          198719                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446902                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       756068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       170476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15083737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3777                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14467487                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15215                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1836833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3749272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25122256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18990664     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797575     11.14%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142797      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641103      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867593      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267365      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263409      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140642      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11108      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25122256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100130     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13398     10.59%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12947     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12187144     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197821      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327390      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753342      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14467487                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.539102                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126475                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54198919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16924440                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14089945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14593962                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10496                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       376175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         49659                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15087519                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446902                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1972                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118642                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       244669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14215817                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305330                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2058575                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2010337                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           753245                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529725                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14090033                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14089945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8440684                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22672440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.525034                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10499297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12937669                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2149907                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       214229                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24746081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19269314     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775485     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008281      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501834      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459302      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193287      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190568      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91011      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256999      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24746081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10499297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12937669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1918674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1173101                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1875250                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11648151                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       267162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       256999                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           39576580                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          30551343                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                308407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1713990                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10499297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12937669                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10499297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.556004                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.556004                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.391236                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.391236                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       63964586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19690046                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14377752                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1829063                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1637273                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147135                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1238912                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1206863                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106759                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4471                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19410371                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10401354                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1829063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1313622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2318763                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        485236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       766978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1175532                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144024                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22833418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20514655     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         358560      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         174802      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         353235      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         108991      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         328324      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          50109      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          81955      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         862787      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22833418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.387586                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19231073                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       951066                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2313895                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       335433                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       168834                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1874                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     11600582                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4485                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       335433                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19252131                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        612178                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       273686                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2292944                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        67039                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     11581926                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        51204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15143149                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     52435751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     52435751                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12232084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2911045                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          154390                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2122467                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       330574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2965                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        75122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         11520535                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        10770321                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7201                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2114156                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4354485                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22833418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18110159     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467390      6.43%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1606389      7.04%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919334      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469813      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117702      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136671      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3317      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2643      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22833418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17681     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7317     23.67%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5914     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8425118     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82282      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1934807     17.96%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327368      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     10770321                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.401335                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30912                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44412171                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13636237                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10494548                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     10801233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8088                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438485                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       335433                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        536543                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8104                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11522060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2122467                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3974                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          210                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        98940                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       155500                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10635545                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1907604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       134774                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2234939                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1618996                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           327335                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.396313                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             10497234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            10494548                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6358124                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        13717670                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.391059                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.463499                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8366963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9391839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2130719                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       146034                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22497985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19015650     84.52%     84.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1358864      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       881529      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       275282      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       464923      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88597      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56389      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50948      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305803      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22497985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8366963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9391839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2006029                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1683977                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1443403                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8199174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       114658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       305803                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           33714714                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          23380808                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                438220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4002828                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8366963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9391839                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8366963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.207406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.207406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.311778                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.311778                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       49483029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      13644530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12368977                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1829961                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638343                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147078                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1241443                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208315                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4436                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19428845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10406085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1829961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1315033                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2320423                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        484557                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       761396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1176330                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       143986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22847350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20526927     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         358777      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         175114      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         353889      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         108970      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         329062      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          50441      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          81307      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         862863      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22847350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.387762                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19249427                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       945637                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2315569                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1911                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       334805                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       168558                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1881                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     11605011                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4474                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       334805                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19270380                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        596659                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       283709                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2294507                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        67283                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     11586471                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        51261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15146419                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     52457116                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     52457116                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     12242291                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2904105                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1524                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          780                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          155265                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2124534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       330645                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3074                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        75336                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         11525490                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1529                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        10778116                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7103                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2110270                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4341149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22847350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18120819     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467356      6.42%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1608593      7.04%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       920708      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469568      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117343      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136961      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3319      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2683      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22847350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17665     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7292     23.63%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5906     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8430495     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82314      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1937122     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327439      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     10778116                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.401625                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30863                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44441547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13637318                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10502000                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     10808979                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8328                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       437971                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       334805                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        520869                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8026                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11527026                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2124534                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330645                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          210                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99039                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       155487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10643245                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910385                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       134870                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2237777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1620370                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           327392                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.396600                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             10504762                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            10502000                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6363235                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        13725636                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.391336                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.463602                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8375600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      9400476                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2127013                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1504                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       145967                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22512545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19028030     84.52%     84.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1358666      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882350      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276117      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465279      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88657      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56123      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50964      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306359      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22512545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8375600                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      9400476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2008616                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1686558                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1444832                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         8206386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       114660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       306359                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           33733649                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          23390042                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                438139                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3988896                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8375600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             9400476                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8375600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.204098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.204098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.312100                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.312100                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       49523608                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      13651724                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12376273                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1830914                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638897                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147285                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1240865                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208066                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107030                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4445                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19425472                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10410529                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1830914                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1315096                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2320803                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        486003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       749345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1176516                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144205                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22833545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.743032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20512742     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         358778      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         175199      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         353677      1.55%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         108359      0.47%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         328963      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          50271      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          81836      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         863720      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22833545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068225                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.387928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19245920                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       933692                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2315970                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1915                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       336047                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       168920                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1878                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     11611355                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4474                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       336047                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19266912                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        587884                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       280365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2294985                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        67345                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     11592672                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           42                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        51327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15156285                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     52484734                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     52484734                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12236510                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2919749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1518                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          155807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2124220                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       330830                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2984                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        75064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         11530541                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        10778099                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2120222                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4366838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22833545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18106907     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468161      6.43%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1608092      7.04%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919927      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469785      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117790      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136942      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3297      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2644      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22833545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17729     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7294     23.57%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5918     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8430738     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82372      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1936696     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327547      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     10778099                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.401625                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30941                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44427973                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13652317                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10501254                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     10809040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       439116                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8775                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       336047                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        511949                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11532070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          792                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2124220                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330830                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3883                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          202                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99075                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56763                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       155838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10642375                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1909335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135724                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2236834                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1620130                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           327499                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.396567                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             10504064                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            10501254                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6362736                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13728916                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.391309                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.463455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8370708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9395584                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2136941                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       146176                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22497498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19012819     84.51%     84.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359890      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882081      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276219      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       464939      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88587      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56263      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50994      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305706      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22497498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8370708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9395584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2007152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1685097                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1444023                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8202301                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       114659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       305706                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           33724291                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          23401355                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                438440                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               4002701                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8370708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9395584                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8370708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.205971                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.205971                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.311918                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.311918                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       49516343                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      13652177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12379904                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1956084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1603716                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193969                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799044                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200426                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8614                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18696769                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11137044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1956084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       961124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2447051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        555624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1907479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1154756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193168                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23409191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20962140     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         265253      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         305617      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         167713      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         193463      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         106501      0.45%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          72835      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         189407      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1146262      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23409191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.072890                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.415000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18538254                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2069168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2426056                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       355835                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       317534                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2057                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13593791                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        10848                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       355835                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18568913                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        524320                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1459591                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2415746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        84777                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13584359                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        20905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18869129                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     63252713                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     63252713                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16044848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2824276                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3619                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2052                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          228423                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1302270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       707302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18648                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       156270                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13558707                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3630                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12792482                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18771                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741428                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4042184                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          479                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23409191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18021006     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166362      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165166      4.98%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       804327      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705556      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360274      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88280      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56227      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41993      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23409191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3190     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12425     44.08%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12573     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10703733     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200028      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1563      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185965      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701193      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12792482                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.476687                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28188                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49041114                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15303904                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12572138                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12820670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32161                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238335                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18588                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          626                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       355835                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        480045                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13562359                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1302270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2056                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9220                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111228                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110189                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       221417                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12598443                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112244                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1813212                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1760468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           700968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.469456                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12572416                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12572138                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7473709                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        19582724                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.468476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381648                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9424249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11562345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2000127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3151                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       194965                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23053355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18330226     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2189644      9.50%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919366      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       550455      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       381713      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246338      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129001      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102840      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203772      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23053355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9424249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11562345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1752649                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1063935                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1654664                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10424075                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       235247                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       203772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36411990                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27480822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                290110                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3427055                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9424249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11562345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9424249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.847574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.847574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.351176                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.351176                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       56828867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17445769                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12685495                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1831597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1639715                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1242740                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1209278                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106911                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4449                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19449319                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10415006                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1831597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1316189                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2322367                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        486444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       750552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1177966                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144621                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22860217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20537850     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         358772      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         175437      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         354140      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         109120      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         329331      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          50341      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          81715      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         863511      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22860217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.388095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19270398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       934240                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2317507                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1963                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       336108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       168931                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1872                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     11616075                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       336108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19291467                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        611465                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       257500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2296506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        67164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     11597556                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        51123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15162632                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     52505765                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     52505765                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12244890                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2917739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          154624                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2125631                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       330627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2954                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        75360                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11536143                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10786145                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7165                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2119260                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4355808                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22860217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18130003     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468750      6.42%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609583      7.04%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       921247      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470022      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117799      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136902      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3295      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2616      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22860217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17649     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7306     23.66%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5921     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8437326     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82286      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          747      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1938266     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327520      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10786145                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.401925                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30876                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44470548                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13656953                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10508990                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10817021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8134                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438822                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8482                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       336108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        535861                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7945                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11537673                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2125631                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3820                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       156188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10650145                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       136000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2238175                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1621021                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           327475                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.396857                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10511621                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10508990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6366693                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13736980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.391597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463471                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8377287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9402350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2135787                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1506                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       146572                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22524109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19038674     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359337      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882434      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       275867      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465489      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88736      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56317      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51034      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306221      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22524109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8377287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9402350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2008954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1686809                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1445075                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8208057                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       114678                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       306221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33755999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          23412626                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                438941                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3976029                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8377287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9402350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8377287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.203453                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.203453                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.312163                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.312163                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       49553517                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      13661877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12385655                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1831255                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1639479                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147245                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1243510                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1209407                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107008                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4462                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19434604                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10413364                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1831255                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1316415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2321579                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        485665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       790326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1177030                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144180                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22884135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20562556     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         358620      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         175453      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         354209      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         108505      0.47%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         329246      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          50421      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          81962      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         863163      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22884135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068238                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.388034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19255756                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       973922                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2316751                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1953                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       335752                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       168831                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1874                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     11612859                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4447                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       335752                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19276719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        628041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       280529                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2295895                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        67192                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     11594726                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        51405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15159299                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     52493215                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     52493215                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12242644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2916635                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1519                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          155186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2125484                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       330586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2957                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        74997                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11533087                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1524                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        10783081                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7098                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2117691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4358910                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22884135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18156450     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466660      6.41%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609359      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       921185      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469626      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       118016      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136933      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3282      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2624      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22884135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17665     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7287     23.60%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5925     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8433821     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82317      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1938780     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327417      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     10783081                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.401810                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30877                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44488272                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13652331                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10506051                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     10813958                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8299                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438831                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       335752                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        552462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11534618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2125484                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          773                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3871                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          221                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99353                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56428                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       155781                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10647570                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910973                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2238340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1620882                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           327367                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.396761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10508738                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10506051                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6365488                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13731645                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.391487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463563                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8375896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9400772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2134305                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       146144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22548383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19063340     84.54%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359064      6.03%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882690      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276067      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465099      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88530      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56377      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50909      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306307      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22548383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8375896                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9400772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2008705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1686648                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1444880                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8206634                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       114660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       306307                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33777127                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          23406176                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                438829                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3952111                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8375896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9400772                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8375896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.203985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.203985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.312111                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.312111                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       49541167                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      13658537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12383841                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26836101                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2073762                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1696948                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204337                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814523                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214242                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9267                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19983117                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11599885                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2073762                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1028765                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2419775                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        558792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1082765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           34                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1223836                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204334                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23837970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21418195     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         111932      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         178800      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         242294      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         249332      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         210774      0.88%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         118797      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         176516      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1131330      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23837970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077275                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432249                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19779034                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1289348                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2415227                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2794                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       351562                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       340945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14233536                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1514                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       351562                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19833087                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        172497                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       991658                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2364602                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       124559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14227905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        18119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        53528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19854192                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     66189865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     66189865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17187920                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2666192                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3515                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          373135                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332595                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       721047                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8409                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       211792                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14211260                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3525                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13490390                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2146                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1582881                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3795606                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23837970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18099756     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2386198     10.01%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199842      5.03%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       881758      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698839      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284701      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180567      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93501      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12808      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23837970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2399     10.57%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8224     36.24%     46.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12069     53.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11346136     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       201188      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1690      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1222837      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718539      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13490390                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.502696                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22692                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50843588                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15797727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13284907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13513082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215765                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10561                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       351562                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        142420                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14214808                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332595                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721047                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1825                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10407                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118717                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114988                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       233705                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13301362                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1868049                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1889298                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           718477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.495652                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13285013                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13284907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7625312                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20554848                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.495039                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370974                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10020104                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12330129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1884610                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       206667                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23486408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18400658     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2533318     10.79%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       945284      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451053      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397625      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219179      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180693      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86253      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272345      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23486408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10020104                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12330129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1827295                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1116818                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1778152                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11109286                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       253962                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       272345                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37428737                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28781127                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                304536                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2998131                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10020104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12330129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10020104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.678226                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.678226                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59866445                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18505589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13193385                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1822610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1644041                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       688377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         648887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100127                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4245                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19313156                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11456895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1822610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       749014                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2263739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        308077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2564517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1109815                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97682                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     24352403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22088664     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          80134      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         165268      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          69580      0.29%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         374335      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         334943      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          64806      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         136487      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1038186      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     24352403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067916                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.426919                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19113168                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2768844                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2255050                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7397                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       207939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       160298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13431976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       207939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19139952                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2563239                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       115413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2238550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        87303                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13423438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        43602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        29079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1195                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     15772783                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     63212468                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     63212468                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     13944037                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1828738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1568                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          797                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          205066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3161404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1597667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14419                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        77572                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13395327                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1573                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12859339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1063999                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2566981                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24352403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19731005     81.02%     81.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1411891      5.80%     86.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143522      4.70%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       493825      2.03%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615689      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       581836      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331786      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26515      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16334      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24352403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32353     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246392     86.17%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7179      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8073505     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112427      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          770      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3079425     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1593212     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12859339                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.479178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285924                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022235                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50364912                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14461265                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12748264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13145263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23141                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11069                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       207939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2497833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13396917                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3161404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1597667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          797                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15826                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55755                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58154                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       113909                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12769070                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3069457                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            4662478                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1672818                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1593021                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.475814                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12748703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12748264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6890659                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        13612942                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.475039                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10346755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12159083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1239273                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1555                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        99387                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24144464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19716490     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1630121      6.75%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       759854      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       746742      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       206355      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       852729      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64954      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47513      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119706      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24144464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10346755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12159083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4620920                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3034322                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               776                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1605662                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10812510                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       117836                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       119706                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37423075                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27004687                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                415771                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2483843                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10346755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12159083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10346755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.593687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.593687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.385552                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.385552                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63112718                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      14814997                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15981389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1552                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1820252                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1642109                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        98078                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       686906                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         647996                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100019                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4271                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19285004                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11437618                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1820252                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       748015                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2260772                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        309761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      2599087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1108818                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        98278                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24355382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       22094610     90.72%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          80268      0.33%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         165225      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          69720      0.29%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         373627      1.53%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         334426      1.37%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          65093      0.27%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         135811      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1036602      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24355382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.426200                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19084942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2801989                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2252070                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         7359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       209017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       159905                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13411039                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1538                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       209017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19111477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2605439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       106925                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2235658                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        86859                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13402257                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           47                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        43990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        28807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          755                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15751422                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     63110270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     63110270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     13911968                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        1839442                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          797                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          204106                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3154984                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1593539                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14719                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        77529                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13372824                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1569                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12833261                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7912                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1069660                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2585501                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24355382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19744047     81.07%     81.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1409683      5.79%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138645      4.68%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       493200      2.03%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615274      2.53%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580914      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       330740      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26450      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16429      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24355382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32327     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246001     86.16%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7190      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8059343     62.80%     62.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112166      0.87%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3071836     23.94%     87.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1589148     12.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12833261                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.478206                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285518                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022248                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50315334                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14444421                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12721306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13118779                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23211                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128307                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10914                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1127                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       209017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2540141                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13374409                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3154984                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1593539                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          795                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15546                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        56187                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58478                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       114665                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12742321                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3061691                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            4650654                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1669168                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1588963                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.474818                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12721752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12721306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6875837                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        13589111                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.474034                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.505981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10322209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12130384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1245544                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        99983                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24146365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19728649     81.70%     81.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626636      6.74%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       758329      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       743943      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       206312      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850933      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64892      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47372      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119299      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24146365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10322209                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12130384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              4609302                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3026677                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1601900                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10787020                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       117586                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       119299                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37402955                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          26960915                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                415555                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2480864                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10322209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12130384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10322209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.599855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.599855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.384637                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.384637                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       62975420                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14785912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      15950293                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1822003                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1643625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       697060                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         648280                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100165                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4273                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19303618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11452265                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1822003                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       748445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2262865                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        307852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2644450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1109282                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97614                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     24420213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       22157348     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          80155      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         165503      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          69683      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         373549      1.53%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         335025      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          64632      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         136114      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1038204      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     24420213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.426746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19100840                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2850064                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2254121                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7431                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       207752                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       160162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13426456                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1496                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       207752                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19127733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2640145                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       119097                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2237505                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        87974                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13417936                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        44522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        29330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          665                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     15766159                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     63185327                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     63185327                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     13937089                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1829070                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          799                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          206567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3161362                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1597311                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14638                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        76992                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13389435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12853560                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8046                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1062891                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2568462                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24420213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19802487     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1411297      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142140      4.68%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       491247      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615059      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       583139      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       332024      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26393      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16427      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24420213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32231     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246825     86.23%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7198      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8068272     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112317      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          769      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3079342     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1592860     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12853560                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.478963                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            286254                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022270                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50421633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14454263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12741791                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13139814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23272                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127527                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1133                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       207752                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2573912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25439                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13391027                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3161362                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1597311                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          799                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15619                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55699                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58283                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       113982                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12762983                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3069211                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            4661893                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1671875                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1592682                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.475587                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12742214                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12741791                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6886718                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        13603581                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.474798                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506243                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10342681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12153987                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1238499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1555                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        99353                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24212461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19786278     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1630189      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       758782      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       746111      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       205942      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       853389      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64758      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47456      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119556      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24212461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10342681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12153987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              4620119                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3033835                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               776                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1604901                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10807926                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       117724                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       119556                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37485352                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          26992754                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                415971                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2416033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10342681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12153987                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10342681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.594709                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.594709                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.385400                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.385400                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       63084098                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      14806501                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15975863                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1552                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.517862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         159273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        48.529250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.361599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.039883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   551.032459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1441.083921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.013691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.269059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.703654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2853                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1078575257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1078575257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1078575257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              4073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               4088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              4088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.287385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.163695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.287385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.163695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.287385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.163695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2986                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.557994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         123988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        24.630115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.104206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.937520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   881.589371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1130.926897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.430464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.552210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3682                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3683                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2986                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64582236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2751760360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2816342596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8652694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8652694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64582236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2760413054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     2824995290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64582236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2760413054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    2824995290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1745465.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 934701.209239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944764.373029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1730538.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1730538.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1745465.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936050.543913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946080.137307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1745465.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936050.543913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946080.137307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                470                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     470                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2493220227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2554553227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8213694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8213694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2501433921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2562766921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2501433921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2562766921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1657648.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 846881.870584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856945.061053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1642738.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1642738.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1657648.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848231.238047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858260.857669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1657648.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848231.238047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858260.857669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3427                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.930454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         155064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.322192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.275963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.431276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1197.184598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         831.038618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.584563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.405781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4180                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4181                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3427                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3216140922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3284553674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8809180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8809180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3224950102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     3293362854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3224950102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    3293362854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              7599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               7608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              7608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 950396.253546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960395.811111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1258454.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1258454.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951032.173990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961004.626204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951032.173990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961004.626204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                605                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     605                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2919025722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2984277674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8194580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8194580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2927220302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2992472254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2927220302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2992472254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862596.253546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872595.811111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1170654.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170654.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 863232.173990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873204.626204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 863232.173990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873204.626204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3421                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.924619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         155068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        28.353995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.070924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.534458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1197.932646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         831.386592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.584928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.405950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1319                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1319                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4183                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4184                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                3413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3385                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3421                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76715281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3250366404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3327081685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10061939                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10061939                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76715281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3260428343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     3337143624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76715281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3260428343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    3337143624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              7596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1319                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1319                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               7605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              7605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.449315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.447278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.449836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.447278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.449836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2130980.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 962501.156056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 974826.160270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1257742.375000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1257742.375000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2130980.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 963198.919645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 975487.759135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2130980.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 963198.919645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 975487.759135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                604                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     604                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73554481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2953810852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3027365333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9359539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9359539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73554481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2963170391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3036724872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73554481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2963170391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3036724872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.447278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.447278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043180.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 874684.883625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887010.059478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1169942.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1169942.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043180.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 875382.685672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887671.695995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043180.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 875382.685672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887671.695995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1236                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.518931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         159284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        48.503045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.362660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.878653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   552.041455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1440.236164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.013613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.269551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.703240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            912                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 912                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1201                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1237                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60882297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    992181271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1053063568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60882297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    992181271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1053063568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60882297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    992181271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1053063568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          912                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             912                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691174.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 826129.284763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851304.420372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691174.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 826129.284763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851304.420372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691174.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 826129.284763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851304.420372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57721497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    885800129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    943521626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57721497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    885800129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    943521626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57721497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    885800129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    943521626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1603374.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 738166.774167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763367.011327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1603374.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 738166.774167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763367.011327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1603374.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 738166.774167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763367.011327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.428389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         183070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        60.780212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.428389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.287717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   446.399187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1533.313096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.217968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.748688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2929                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103127254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    759240488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     862367742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103127254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    759240488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      862367742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103127254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    759240488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     862367742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              3879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               3896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              3896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2787223.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816387.621505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891797.044467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2787223.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816387.621505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 891797.044467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2787223.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816387.621505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 891797.044467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99878654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    677586488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    777465142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99878654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    677586488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    777465142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99878654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    677586488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    777465142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2699423.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728587.621505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803997.044467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2699423.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728587.621505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803997.044467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2699423.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728587.621505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803997.044467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1896                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.882149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         122326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        31.015720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.478845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    18.481110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   807.697931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1192.224262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.394384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.582141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3421                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3422                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1896                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43519453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1513804431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1557323884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43519453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1513804431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1557323884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43519453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1513804431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1557323884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1611831.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 809954.216693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821373.356540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1611831.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 809954.216693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821373.356540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1611831.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 809954.216693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821373.356540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     41148853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1349645420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390794273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     41148853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1349645420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390794273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     41148853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1349645420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390794273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1524031.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 722121.680043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733541.283228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1524031.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 722121.680043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733541.283228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1524031.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 722121.680043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733541.283228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1903                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.858749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         122323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        30.960010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.829937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.018667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   807.123488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1189.886657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.394103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.580999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3417                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3418                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1903                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55007915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1506021585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1561029500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55007915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1506021585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1561029500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55007915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1506021585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1561029500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.354222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1718997.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 804928.693212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820299.264319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1718997.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 804928.693212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820299.264319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1718997.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 804928.693212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820299.264319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                240                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     240                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52195632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1341716060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393911692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52195632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1341716060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393911692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52195632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1341716060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393911692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.354222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1631113.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717111.737039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732481.183395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1631113.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717111.737039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732481.183395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1631113.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717111.737039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732481.183395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1899                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.862703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         122322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        30.991133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.482551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.930432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   806.886194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1191.563526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.393987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.581818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3420                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3421                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1899                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50081266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498214968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1548296234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50081266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498214968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1548296234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50081266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498214968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1548296234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.357358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1669375.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 801613.144997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815321.871511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1669375.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 801613.144997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815321.871511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1669375.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 801613.144997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815321.871511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47446955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1334096680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381543635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47446955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1334096680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381543635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47446955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1334096680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381543635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1581565.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713802.397004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727511.129542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1581565.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713802.397004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727511.129542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1581565.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713802.397004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727511.129542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.497110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         181268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        46.077275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.393695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.308011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   838.384394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1141.411010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.409367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.557330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3549                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76546546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1583043700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1659590246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2194209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2194209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76546546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1585237909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1661784455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76546546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1585237909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1661784455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068825.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 857089.171630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880886.542463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       731403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       731403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068825.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856885.356216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 880648.889772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068825.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856885.356216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 880648.889772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73288643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1420214297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493502940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1929309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1929309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73288643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1422143606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495432249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73288643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1422143606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495432249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1980774.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 768930.317813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792729.798301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       643103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       643103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1980774.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 768726.273514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792491.917859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1980774.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 768726.273514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792491.917859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1900                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.839159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         122314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        30.981256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.477716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.031170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   808.797094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1189.533179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.394920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.580827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3412                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3413                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1900                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58306262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1498711633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1557017895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58306262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1498711633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1557017895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58306262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1498711633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1557017895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2010560.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 801021.717263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819483.102632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2010560.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 801021.717263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819483.102632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2010560.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 801021.717263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819483.102632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55760062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1334437833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390197895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55760062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1334437833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390197895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55760062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1334437833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390197895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1922760.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 713221.717263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731683.102632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1922760.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 713221.717263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731683.102632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1922760.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 713221.717263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731683.102632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1897                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.842497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         122327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        31.008112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.482661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.547203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   808.085151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1191.727481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.394573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.581898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3423                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3424                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1897                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     37164413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1491797538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1528961951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     37164413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1491797538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1528961951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     37164413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1491797538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1528961951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1376459.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 797752.694118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805989.431207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1376459.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 797752.694118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805989.431207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1376459.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 797752.694118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805989.431207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34791159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1327563085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1362354244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34791159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1327563085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1362354244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34791159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1327563085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1362354244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1288561.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709926.783422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718162.490248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1288561.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709926.783422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718162.490248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1288561.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709926.783422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718162.490248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1246                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.532007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         159280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        48.354584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.370405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.519031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   555.356587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1433.285984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.015390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.271170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.699847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2856                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2858                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1206                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1248                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128140007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1024291605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1152431612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128140007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1024291605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1152431612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128140007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1024291605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1152431612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.305060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.303945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.303945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3050952.547619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 849329.689055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923422.766026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3050952.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 849329.689055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923422.766026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3050952.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 849329.689055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923422.766026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    124452407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    918343640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042796047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    124452407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    918343640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042796047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    124452407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    918343640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042796047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2963152.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 762110.904564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836243.822775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2963152.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 762110.904564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836243.822775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2963152.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 762110.904564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836243.822775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         3440                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.927070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         155053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        28.253098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.072668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.560972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1201.761853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         827.531576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.586798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.404068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1315                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1315                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4172                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4173                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 3440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                3440                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68694684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3195544091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3264238775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7851956                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7851956                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68694684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3203396047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     3272090731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68694684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3203396047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    3272090731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              7604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               7613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              7613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.448936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.451341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.451859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.451859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2020431.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 940419.096822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951118.524184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 981494.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 981494.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2020431.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 940515.574574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951189.165988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2020431.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 940515.574574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951189.165988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                609                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     609                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            3440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           3440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65708613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2897158552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2962867165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7149556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7149556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65708613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2904308108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2970016721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65708613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2904308108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2970016721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.448936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1932606.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 852606.989994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863306.283508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 893694.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893694.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1932606.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 852703.496183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863376.953779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1932606.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 852703.496183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863376.953779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         3434                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.925400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         155060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        28.285297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.160209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.488871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1200.415933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         827.860386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.007563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.586141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.404229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1317                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1317                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4177                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4178                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                3426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 3434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3398                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                3434                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65461440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3228951669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3294413109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9412365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9412365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65461440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3238364034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3303825474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65461440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3238364034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3303825474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              7603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1317                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1317                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               7612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              7612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.448057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.448581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.451130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.448581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.451130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1818373.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 952493.117699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961591.683888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1176545.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1176545.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1818373.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 953020.610359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962092.450204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1818373.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 953020.610359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962092.450204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                603                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     603                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            3434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           3434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62300640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2931244302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2993544942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8709842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8709842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62300640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2939954144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3002254784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62300640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2939954144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3002254784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.448057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.448581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.448581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1730573.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 864673.835398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873772.604203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1088730.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088730.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1730573.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 865201.337257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874273.379150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1730573.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 865201.337257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874273.379150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         3427                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.925066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         155059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        28.321279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.071053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.896423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1197.761680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         831.195910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.007274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.584845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.405857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4175                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4176                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                3419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 3427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                3427                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66652428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3221845117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3288497545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12911314                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12911314                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66652428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3234756431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     3301408859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66652428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3234756431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    3301408859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              7594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               7603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              7603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.447664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.448189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.448189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1851456.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 952363.321608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961830.226674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1613914.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1613914.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1851456.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 953924.043350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963352.453750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1851456.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 953924.043350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963352.453750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                606                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     606                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            3427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63491503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2924772749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2988264252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12208914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12208914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63491503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2936981663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3000473166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63491503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2936981663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3000473166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.447664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.448189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.448189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1763652.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 864550.029264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874017.037730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1526114.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1526114.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1763652.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 866110.782365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875539.295594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1763652.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 866110.782365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875539.295594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.723346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1947919.616732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.723346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.179559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   221.102764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    34.897236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4397889748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397889748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404521572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404521572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404521572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404521572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341742.928588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341742.928588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1210810045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210810045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211781616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211781616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211781616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211781616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 300151.225830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300151.225830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              521.665242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1006902733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1907012.751894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.665242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.050746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1127408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1127408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1127408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97725107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97725107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97725107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97725107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97725107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97725107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684915.637931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1684915.637931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64955019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64955019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64955019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64955019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64955019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64955019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1709342.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1709342.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6631                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              167288397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             24290.459852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   226.770108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    29.229892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.885821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.114179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       778940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        778940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       643880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1422820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1422820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1422820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1422820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7688260720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7688260720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     81267356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81267356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7769528076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7769528076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7769528076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7769528076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       796359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       796359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       643970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1440329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1440329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1440329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1440329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441372.106321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441372.106321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 902970.622222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 902970.622222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443744.821292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443744.821292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443744.821292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443744.821292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3017532255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3017532255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9340310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9340310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3026872565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3026872565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3026872565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3026872565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456027.241197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456027.241197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 622687.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 622687.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456404.186520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456404.186520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456404.186520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456404.186520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              572.452850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1032064831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1779422.122414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.322825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.130024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1108066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1108066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       583675                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              406612924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             51950.035007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   110.966544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   145.033456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2890430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2890430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1582464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1582464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4472894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4472894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4472894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4472894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        27595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        27595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13378594619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13378594619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29631466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29631466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13408226085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13408226085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13408226085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13408226085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2917995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2917995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1582494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1582494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4500489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4500489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4500489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4500489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485347.165572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 485347.165572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 987715.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987715.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3529730126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3529730126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9007300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9007300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3538737426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538737426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3538737426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538737426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466772.034647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466772.034647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1000811.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000811.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              571.617961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1032064773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1779422.022414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.487527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.130434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.048858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1108008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1108008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104322215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104322215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104322215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104322215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104322215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104322215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862896.696429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1862896.696429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862896.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1862896.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862896.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1862896.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544886                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544886                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77095612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77095612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77095612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77095612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77095612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77095612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2083665.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083665.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2083665.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083665.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2083665.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083665.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              406609291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             51969.490158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   110.970259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   145.029741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2888137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2888137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1581126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1581126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4469263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4469263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4469263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4469263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        27588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        27588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13370161179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13370161179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     35676566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35676566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13405837745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13405837745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13405837745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13405837745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2915695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2915695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1581156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1581156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4496851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4496851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4496851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4496851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 485164.423362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 485164.423362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1189218.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1189218.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 485930.032804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485930.032804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 485930.032804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485930.032804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1319                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1319                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3564198384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564198384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10192557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10192557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3574390941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3574390941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3574390941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3574390941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 471517.182696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471517.182696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1132506.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1132506.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 472303.242733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472303.242733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 472303.242733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472303.242733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              506.578635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001233100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1951721.442495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.578635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1225004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1225004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1225004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1225004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1225004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1225004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77220701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77220701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77220701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77220701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77220701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77220701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1225053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1225053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1225053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1225053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1225053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1225053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1575932.673469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1575932.673469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1575932.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1575932.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1575932.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1575932.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61312770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61312770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61312770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61312770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61312770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61312770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1613493.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1613493.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1613493.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1613493.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1613493.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1613493.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152646422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35367.567655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   221.153661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.846339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.863881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.136119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       841153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        841153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       707331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1548484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1548484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1548484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1548484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        12998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        12998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4293452444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4293452444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6749583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6749583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4300202027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4300202027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4300202027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4300202027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       854067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       854067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       707415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1561482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1561482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1561482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1561482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 332464.956172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332464.956172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80352.178571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80352.178571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330835.669103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 330835.669103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330835.669103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 330835.669103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1187319786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1187319786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       971651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1188291437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1188291437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1188291437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1188291437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 293527.759209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293527.759209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64776.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64776.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 292682.619951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292682.619951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 292682.619951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292682.619951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              487.182978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1004354443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2033106.159919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.182978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.051575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1255003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1255003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158224220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158224220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158224220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158224220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158224220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158224220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2775863.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2775863.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1255573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313893.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103565315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103565315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103565315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103565315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103565315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103565315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2655520.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2655520.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148981539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36222.110139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   219.751739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    36.248261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.858405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.141595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       999857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       741857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1741714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1741714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2244542158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2244542158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5782193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5782193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2250324351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2250324351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2250324351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2250324351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1009649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       741924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1751573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1751573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 229222.034109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229222.034109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86301.388060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86301.388060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    956394891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    956394891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1178355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1178355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    957573246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    957573246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    957573246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    957573246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 249061.169531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249061.169531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        69315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              550.630381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              921320526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1660036.983784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.457406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.172975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.039195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1175494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1175494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1175494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1175494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1175494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1175494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48529505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48529505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48529505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48529505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48529505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48529505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1175532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1175532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1175532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1175532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1175532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1175532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1277092.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1277092.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1277092.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1277092.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1277092.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1277092.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43846752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43846752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43846752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43846752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43846752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43846752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1565955.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1565955.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1565955.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1565955.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1565955.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1565955.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              205427261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             37040.616841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   193.934156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    62.065844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.757555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.242445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1747426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1747426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       320509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          750                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          750                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2067935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2067935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2067935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2067935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8433038286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8433038286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2235125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2235125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8435273411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8435273411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8435273411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8435273411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1765999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1765999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       320535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          750                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          750                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2086534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2086534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2086534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2086534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454048.257471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454048.257471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85966.346154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85966.346154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453533.706705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453533.706705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453533.706705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453533.706705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1753020612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753020612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       391440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       391440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1753412052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753412052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1753412052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753412052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 331760.146101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331760.146101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        65240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 331457.854820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331457.854820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 331457.854820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331457.854820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              553.109863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              921321318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1645216.639286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.336525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.773338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.043809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1176286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1176286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1176286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1176286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1176286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70421137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70421137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70421137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70421137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70421137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70421137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1176330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1176330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1176330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1600480.386364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1600480.386364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1600480.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1600480.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1600480.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1600480.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55355326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55355326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55355326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55355326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55355326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55355326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1677434.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677434.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1677434.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677434.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1677434.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677434.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              205429713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             37054.421537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   194.091418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    61.908582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.758170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.241830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1749863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1749863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2070376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2070376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2070376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2070376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8386790980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8386790980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2275914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2275914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8389066894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8389066894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8389066894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8389066894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1768425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1768425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2088964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2088964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2088964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2088964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 451825.825881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451825.825881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87535.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87535.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 451316.273617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451316.273617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 451316.273617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451316.273617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1745205647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745205647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       394479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       394479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1745600126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745600126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1745600126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745600126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330406.218667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330406.218667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65746.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65746.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330105.923979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330105.923979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330105.923979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330105.923979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              552.267067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              921321503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1651113.804659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    26.094144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.172923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1176471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1176471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1176471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1176471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1176471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63437360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63437360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63437360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63437360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63437360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63437360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1176516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1176516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1176516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1409719.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1409719.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1409719.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1409719.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1409719.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1409719.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50420248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50420248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50420248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50420248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50420248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50420248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1626459.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626459.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1626459.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626459.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1626459.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626459.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              205428702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             37047.556718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   193.671424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    62.328576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.756529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.243471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1748861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1748861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2069372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2069372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2069372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2069372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8394100455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8394100455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2223088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2223088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8396323543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8396323543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8396323543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8396323543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1767463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1767463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2088000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2088000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2088000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2088000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 451247.202183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451247.202183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85503.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85503.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 450736.715858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450736.715858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 450736.715858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450736.715858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1737527624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737527624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1737912224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737912224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1737912224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737912224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328890.332008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328890.332008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328589.945926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328589.945926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328589.945926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328589.945926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              510.913214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1002478851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1927843.944231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.913214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.046335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1154700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1154700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1154700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1154700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1154700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123086065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123086065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123086065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123086065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123086065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123086065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1154756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1154756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1154756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2197965.446429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2197965.446429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76928811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76928811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76928811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76928811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76928811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76928811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2024442.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024442.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158488046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             28031.136541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.482771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    29.517229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.884698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.115302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       812090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        812090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       684682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       684682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1496772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1496772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7840293267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7840293267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    404953307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    404953307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8245246574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8245246574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8245246574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8245246574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       830549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       830549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       685314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 424740.953844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424740.953844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 640748.903481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 640748.903481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 431891.811534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431891.811534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 431891.811534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431891.811534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7322370                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       732237                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1830774710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1830774710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3185918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3185918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1833960628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833960628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1833960628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833960628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 340292.697026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340292.697026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 176995.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176995.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339748.171175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339748.171175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339748.171175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339748.171175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              551.861504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              921322958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1654080.714542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.688974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.172530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.041168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1177926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1177926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1177926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1177926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1177926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1177926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71546926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71546926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71546926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71546926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71546926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71546926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1177966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1177966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1177966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1177966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1177966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1177966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1788673.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1788673.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58648488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58648488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58648488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58648488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58648488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58648488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1954949.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1954949.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              205430332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             37087.981946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   192.602200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    63.397800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.752352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.247648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1750405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1750405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       320599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2071004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2071004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2071004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2071004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8341145622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8341145622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2226474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2226474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8343372096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8343372096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8343372096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8343372096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1769045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1769045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       320625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2089670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2089670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2089670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2089670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 447486.353112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447486.353112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85633.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85633.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1737506574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737506574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1737891174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737891174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1737891174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737891174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 329260.294486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329260.294486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.227547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              921322021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1660039.677477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.055240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.172307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1176989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1176989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53349287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53349287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53349287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53349287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53349287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53349287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1177030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1177030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1177030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1301202.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1301202.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1301202.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1301202.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1301202.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1301202.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     37483410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37483410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     37483410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37483410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     37483410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37483410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1338693.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338693.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1338693.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338693.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1338693.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338693.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205430351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             37021.148135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   193.365750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    62.634250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.755335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.244665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1750506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1750506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2071019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2071019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2071019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2071019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8365767873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8365767873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2120446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2120446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8367888319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8367888319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8367888319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8367888319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1769123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1769123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2089662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2089662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2089662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2089662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449361.759306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449361.759306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81555.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81555.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448848.807542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448848.807542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448848.807542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448848.807542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1731329271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1731329271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       385108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       385108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1731714379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1731714379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1731714379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1731714379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327469.126348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327469.126348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64184.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64184.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327170.674287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327170.674287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327170.674287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327170.674287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              511.001725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001231877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1929155.832370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.001725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.057695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1223781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1223781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1223781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1223781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1223781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    147375213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147375213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    147375213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    147375213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    147375213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    147375213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1223835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1223835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1223835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2729170.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2729170.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2729170.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2729170.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2729170.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2729170.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1469902                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 489967.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128635648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128635648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128635648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128635648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128635648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128635648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2923537.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2923537.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2923537.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2923537.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2923537.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2923537.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4061                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              152646111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35359.302988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   221.113338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    34.886662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.863724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.136276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       841093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        841093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       707125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1548218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1548218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1548218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1548218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        13016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        13016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4358194801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4358194801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6868038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6868038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4365062839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4365062839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4365062839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4365062839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       854023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       854023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       707211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1561234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1561234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1561234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1561234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 337060.696133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337060.696133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 79860.906977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79860.906977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335361.312154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335361.312154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335361.312154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335361.312154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1219204375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1219204375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       979236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       979236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1220183611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220183611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1220183611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220183611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 301261.273783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 301261.273783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65282.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65282.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 300389.859921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300389.859921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 300389.859921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300389.859921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              571.829612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1032066528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1785582.228374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.698936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.130676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.049197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1109763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1109763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1109763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1109763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1109763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93144674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93144674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93144674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93144674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93144674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93144674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1109813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1109813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1109813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1109813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1109813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1109813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862893.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1862893.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1212634                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 404211.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69060627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69060627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69060627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69060627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69060627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69060627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1973160.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1973160.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              406620477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             51904.579653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   110.967299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   145.032701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2895455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2895455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1584989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1584989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4480444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4480444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4480444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4480444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        27560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        27560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13223211346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13223211346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     28129302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28129302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13251340648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13251340648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13251340648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13251340648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2922985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2922985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1585019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1585019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4508004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4508004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4508004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4508004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480320.063422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 480320.063422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 937643.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937643.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480817.875472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 480817.875472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480817.875472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 480817.875472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3508618321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3508618321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7982556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7982556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3516600877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516600877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3516600877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516600877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 463551.105959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463551.105959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 886950.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886950.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 464053.955793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464053.955793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 464053.955793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464053.955793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              572.666042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1032065530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1779423.327586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.535356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.130686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1108765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1108765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1108765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1108765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1108765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87834863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87834863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87834863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87834863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87834863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87834863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1108816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1108816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1108816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1722252.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1722252.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1722252.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1722252.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1722252.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1722252.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       565655                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 282827.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65844472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65844472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65844472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65844472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65844472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65844472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1779580.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1779580.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1779580.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1779580.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1779580.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1779580.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              406608856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             51922.979951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   110.961018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   145.038982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.433441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.566559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2887806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2887806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1581020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1581020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4468826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        4468826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4468826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       4468826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        27594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        27594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13307012945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13307012945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     33043190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33043190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13340056135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13340056135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13340056135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13340056135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2915370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2915370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1581050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1581050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4496420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4496420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4496420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4496420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 482767.847373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 482767.847373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1101439.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1101439.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 483440.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 483440.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 483440.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 483440.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3542428523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3542428523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9542866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9542866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3551971389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3551971389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3551971389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3551971389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 468203.611287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468203.611287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1060318.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1060318.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 468907.114059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468907.114059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 468907.114059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468907.114059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              571.932307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1032065995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1779424.129310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.909534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.022773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1109230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1109230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1109230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1109230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1109230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     87024951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87024951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     87024951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87024951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     87024951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87024951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1109281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1109281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1109281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1109281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1109281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1109281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1706371.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1706371.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1706371.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1706371.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1706371.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1706371.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544826                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544826                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67031771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67031771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67031771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67031771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67031771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67031771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1811669.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811669.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1811669.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811669.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1811669.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811669.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              406619778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             51984.118895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   110.966598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   145.033402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2895070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2895070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1584676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1584676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4479746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4479746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4479746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4479746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        27662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        27662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13368207153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13368207153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     43864542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43864542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13412071695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13412071695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13412071695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13412071695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2922702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2922702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1584706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1584706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4507408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4507408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4507408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4507408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 483794.410575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 483794.410575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1462151.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1462151.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 484855.458571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 484855.458571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 484855.458571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 484855.458571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3535165672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3535165672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13041814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13041814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3548207486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3548207486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3548207486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3548207486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 467800.141855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467800.141855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1449090.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1449090.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 468967.418187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468967.418187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 468967.418187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468967.418187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
