
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001101                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1101244041                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398684967186                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 403186                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   524900                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37843                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618484                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29100.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11732808840                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15274705665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        75648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        50048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        21632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        14208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        21120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        13696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        15104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        77952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        51584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        27776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        51072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        75008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               616832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       258688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            258688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1511018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     68693221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2440876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     11855683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1627251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     45446784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1627251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     19643239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2557108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     12901772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3138269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24873687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3138269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     19178310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2557108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     12436844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2557108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13715398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1511018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     70785400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2557108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     12785540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1743483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     46841570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3022037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     25222384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1627251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     46376641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1511018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     68112060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3022037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     25106152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               560122895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1511018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2440876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1627251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1627251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2557108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3138269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3138269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2557108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2557108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1511018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2557108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1743483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3022037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1627251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1511018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3022037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           36148209                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         234905244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              234905244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         234905244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1511018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     68693221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2440876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     11855683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1627251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     45446784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1627251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     19643239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2557108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     12901772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3138269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24873687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3138269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     19178310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2557108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     12436844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2557108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13715398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1511018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     70785400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2557108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     12785540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1743483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     46841570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3022037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     25222384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1627251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     46376641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1511018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     68112060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3022037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     25106152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              795028139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206004                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168154                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21614                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85267                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78283                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20618                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          950                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1996054                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1218477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206004                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        98901                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              249869                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        68186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124516                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2359192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2109323     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13133      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20851      0.88%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31629      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13058      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15482      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16242      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11579      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         127895      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2359192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.078006                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461392                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1970722                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        94177                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        44755                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33294                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1477188                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        44755                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1975670                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         41655                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        37156                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          244701                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        15243                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1474466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         7890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1145                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2017922                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6872045                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6872045                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         348924                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          326                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           44408                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       148921                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82846                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4108                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1469688                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          325                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1373648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2093                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2359192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1774800     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236671     10.03%     85.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130563      5.53%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86449      3.66%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78797      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24298      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17466      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6154      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3994      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2359192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           384     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1385     41.11%     52.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1600     47.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1130917     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25252      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136112      9.91%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81214      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1373648                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.520149                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3369                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002453                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5111949                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1692787                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1348482                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377017                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30818                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5541                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1136                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        44755                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         30080                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1639                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1470013                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148921                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82846                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          881                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11795                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13349                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25144                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1353537                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128707                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209765                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183557                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            81058                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.512534                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1348590                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1348482                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          797693                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2023132                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.510620                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.394286                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251922                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22018                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2314437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820671     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234879     10.15%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97595      4.22%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50204      2.17%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37230      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21273      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13112      0.57%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11092      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28381      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2314437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3757308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2987281                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35364                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                281682                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.640869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.640869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.378663                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.378663                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6143233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1843085                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1400047                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         240196                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199923                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92041                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85462                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25520                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1072                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2080718                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1317139                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            240196                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       110982                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              273654                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         65507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        61994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          130540                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22159                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2458412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2184758     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          16608      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20867      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          33316      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13675      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          18143      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          21129      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9889      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         140027      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2458412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090953                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.498751                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2068559                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        75555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          272326                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          137                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41831                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        36450                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1609124                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41831                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2071144                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          5636                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        63679                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          269863                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1598190                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2233265                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7427557                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7427557                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1840253                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         393005                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           23212                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       150885                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        77518                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          926                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17394                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1558749                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1486603                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1840                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206181                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431468                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2458412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829870     74.43%     74.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285521     11.61%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117827      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65577      2.67%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89048      3.62%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27731      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27202      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14450      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1186      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2458412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10339     78.92%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1428     10.90%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1333     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1252171     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20174      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136924      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77152      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1486603                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.562921                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13100                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008812                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5446558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1765333                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1445649                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1499703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1056                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31272                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41831                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          4265                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          520                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1559133                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150885                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77518                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12971                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13492                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        26463                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1459227                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134103                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27376                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             211228                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         205961                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            77125                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.552555                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1445692                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1445649                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          866026                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2325347                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.547413                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372429                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1319141                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240005                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        23234                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2416581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1857539     76.87%     76.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283827     11.74%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102594      4.25%     92.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51368      2.13%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46677      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19749      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19420      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9207      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26200      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2416581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1070594                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1319141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               195554                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              119613                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           191264                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1187569                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        27224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        26200                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3949514                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3160127                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32816                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                182462                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1070594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1319141                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1070594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.466737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.466737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.405394                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.405394                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6563021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2022080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1486840                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         205393                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185050                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12659                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76838                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71422                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11124                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          582                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2160193                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1289580                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            205393                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        82546                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              254117                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         40081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        54419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          125774                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12511                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2495871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2241754     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8857      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18435      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7579      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          41631      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          37369      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7034      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          15235      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         117977      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2495871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077775                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.488316                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2147240                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        67803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          253022                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          868                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        26935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        18075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1511243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        26935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2150199                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         47507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        12570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          251069                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7588                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1509233                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         2903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           53                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1779377                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7103398                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7103398                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1540859                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         238518                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          181                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           95                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           21157                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       353260                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       177302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1608                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8657                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1504170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          181                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433763                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          945                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137888                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       339106                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2495871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1985980     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153151      6.14%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125324      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53914      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68760      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66064      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37702      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3158      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1818      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2495871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3606     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28023     86.30%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          841      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       902638     62.96%     62.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12471      0.87%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       341941     23.85%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176627     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433763                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.542912                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5396812                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642290                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1419720                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1466233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2478                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17332                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1598                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        26935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         43678                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1504351                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353260                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           95                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1348                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6601                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7874                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        14475                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422486                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340724                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             517320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         185941                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           176596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.538642                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1419844                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1419720                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          768064                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1517689                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.537595                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506075                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1144068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1344403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160114                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        12695                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2468936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980824     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178530      7.23%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83487      3.38%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82484      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22376      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        95958      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7417      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5229      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12631      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2468936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1144068                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1344403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               511632                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              335928                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           177425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1195590                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        13019                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12631                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3960822                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3035980                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 48851                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                145003                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1144068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1344403                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1144068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.308319                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.308319                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.433216                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.433216                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7026129                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1653437                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1791316                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         215224                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176354                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87091                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81995                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          998                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2057792                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1229293                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            215224                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       103659                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              269088                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         65830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        59560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          128338                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22596                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2429080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2159992     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          28748      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          33324      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          18244      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          20640      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11885      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           8033      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          21001      0.86%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         127213      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2429080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081497                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.465487                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2040744                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        77191                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          266608                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        42279                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34917                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1500421                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        42279                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2044510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         16398                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        51161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          265144                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         9584                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1498537                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2084760                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6975601                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6975601                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1745837                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         338888                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           27731                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       143507                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        76869                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1796                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        16335                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1494777                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1401903                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1946                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207014                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       485060                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2429080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1840026     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236040      9.72%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127468      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87883      3.62%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77376      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39552      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9791      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6284      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4660      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2429080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1446     45.82%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1354     42.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1174592     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21876      1.56%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129016      9.20%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76249      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1401903                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530848                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3156                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002251                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5237984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1702202                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1376689                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1405059                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3454                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        42279                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         12108                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1200                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1495162                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143507                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76869                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          802                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12402                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13399                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25801                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1379593                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120843                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22306                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             197060                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         192132                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            76217                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522400                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1376768                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1376689                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          819076                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2148529                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521301                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381226                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1024839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237759                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22808                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2386801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1873300     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238347      9.99%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99832      4.18%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59570      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41274      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26861      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14267      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11116      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22234      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2386801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1024839                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1257408                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               190257                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              115527                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           179925                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1133662                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25599                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        22234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3859734                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3032625                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 33424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                211794                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1024839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1257408                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1024839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.576867                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.576867                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.388068                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.388068                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6221239                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1913599                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1397565                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         240160                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199845                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23157                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92018                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85471                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25498                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1059                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2079580                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1317027                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            240160                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       110969                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              273670                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        61480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          130365                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22045                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2456576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2182906     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          16652      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20897      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          33332      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13674      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          18119      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          21049      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9867      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         140080      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2456576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090940                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.498709                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2067430                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        75060                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          272314                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        36485                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1608716                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1306                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2070017                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          5670                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        63132                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          269846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6281                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1597737                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2232543                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7425531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7425531                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1841721                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         390801                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           23184                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       150843                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        77563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          918                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1558495                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          385                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1486981                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1829                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204975                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428600                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2456576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827880     74.41%     74.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285505     11.62%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117979      4.80%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65556      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89092      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27729      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27192      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14459      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1184      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2456576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10351     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1427     10.88%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1252364     84.22%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20207      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137018      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77210      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1486981                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.563064                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13113                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008819                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5445479                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1763876                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1446116                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1500094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1057                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31146                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          525                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1558880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150843                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          440                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12886                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13457                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26343                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1459748                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134225                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27232                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             211407                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         206061                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            77182                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.552752                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1446155                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1446116                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          866476                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2326283                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.547590                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372472                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1071435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1320161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238715                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23147                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2414949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855607     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283978     11.76%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102580      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51363      2.13%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46738      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19786      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19445      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9234      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26218      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2414949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1071435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1320161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               195681                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              119694                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           191424                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1188469                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        27241                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        26218                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3947594                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3159402                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32701                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                184298                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1071435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1320161                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1071435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.464801                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.464801                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.405712                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.405712                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6565285                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2022715                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1486827                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         203766                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18212                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124496                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12782                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          596                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2102513                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1154694                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            203766                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       137278                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              255254                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         59329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        33371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          129068                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17681                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.536962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2176886     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          37233      1.53%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20498      0.84%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          36306      1.49%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12377      0.51%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          33379      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5627      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10017      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          99817      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2432140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077159                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.437239                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2085851                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        50836                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          254547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          323                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        40580                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        20743                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          423                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1301029                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1730                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        40580                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2088135                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         28320                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        16071                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          252344                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6687                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1298180                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1712969                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5897983                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5897983                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1355087                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         357856                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          188                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           17979                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       225319                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        39950                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8896                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1289061                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          191                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1195251                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1190                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       253511                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       536793                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1912026     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167308      6.88%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167207      6.87%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98726      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55204      2.27%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14578      0.60%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16331      0.67%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          421      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          339      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2272     58.30%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          907     23.27%     81.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          718     18.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942964     78.89%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9855      0.82%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202906     16.98%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39438      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1195251                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.452597                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3897                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003260                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4827726                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542782                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1162087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1199148                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50445                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1447                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        40580                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         21782                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          849                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1289257                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225319                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39950                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          459                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        19191                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177629                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199485                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             238901                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         177781                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            39416                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.445924                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1162623                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1162087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          701179                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1566093                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.440039                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.447725                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       910216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1032477                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       256821                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        17891                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2003030     83.75%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155361      6.50%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96563      4.04%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31466      1.32%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50089      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10515      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6795      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6037      0.25%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31704      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       910216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1032477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               213370                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              174867                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           157650                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          904755                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        31704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3649141                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2619225                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                208734                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            910216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1032477                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       910216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.901371                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.901371                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.344665                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.344665                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5456004                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1524678                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1363354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         216842                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177402                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23047                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89163                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21848                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1049                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2082581                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1212306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            216842                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       105395                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              252045                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         63521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        52864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          129090                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22931                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2427700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.958532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2175655     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          11728      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18507      0.76%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          24696      1.02%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          25933      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          21828      0.90%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          11631      0.48%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          18414      0.76%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         119308      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2427700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082110                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459055                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2061315                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        74608                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          251394                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          404                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        35507                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1485519                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2067424                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         16460                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        44869                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          245708                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        13260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1484019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2071931                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6898994                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6898994                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1766275                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         305611                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           41754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       139798                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        74413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          926                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        30409                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1480885                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1396847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          325                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180262                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438690                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2427700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1826929     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       254505     10.48%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127168      5.24%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89432      3.68%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70649      2.91%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29161      1.20%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18980      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9579      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1297      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2427700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           334     13.32%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          903     36.00%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175332     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20733      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126579      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74029      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1396847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.528934                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2508                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001795                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5224224                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1661524                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1373714                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1399355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2781                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24978                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1407                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         13312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1392                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1481251                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139798                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1181                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12689                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13384                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26073                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1375992                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119126                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             193129                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         195418                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            74003                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.521037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1373788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1373714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          790147                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2127190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.520174                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371451                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1266882                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214339                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23110                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2387726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1859449     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266241     11.15%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96456      4.04%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45942      1.92%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44103      1.85%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22932      0.96%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16529      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8935      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27139      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2387726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1029590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1266882                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               187820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              114818                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           182729                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1141400                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        26074                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        27139                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3841795                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3002461                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 33575                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                213174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1029590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1266882                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1029590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.564976                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.564976                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.389867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.389867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6190218                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1915555                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1376674                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         240247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199932                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23230                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85459                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25475                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1065                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2079126                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1316954                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            240247                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       110934                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              273569                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         65406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        61470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          130444                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22141                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2456118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2182549     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          16613      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20835      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          33321      1.36%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13713      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          18132      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          21019      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9877      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         140059      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2456118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090973                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.498681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2067082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        74932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          272223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          145                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41732                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        36487                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          222                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1608605                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1294                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41732                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2069636                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          5677                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        63038                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          269794                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6237                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1597818                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2232584                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7425295                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7425295                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1840518                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         392054                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23115                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       150808                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        77488                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          935                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        17364                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1558288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1486673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1832                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205472                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428783                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2456118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827638     74.41%     74.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285329     11.62%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117958      4.80%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65560      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89071      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27680      1.13%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27285      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14422      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1175      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2456118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10350     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1427     10.88%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1252288     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20187      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136872      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77144      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1486673                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.562947                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13112                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008820                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5444408                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1764165                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1445736                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1499785                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1081                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31180                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1541                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41732                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4235                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          518                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1558672                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150808                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77488                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12895                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13547                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1459356                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134121                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             211238                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         206044                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            77117                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.552603                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1445773                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1445736                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          866116                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2325255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.547446                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372482                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070748                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1319328                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239358                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        23217                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2414386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855412     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283780     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102563      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51296      2.12%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46699      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19755      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19427      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9231      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26223      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2414386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1070748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1319328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               195575                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              119628                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           191298                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1187729                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        27226                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26223                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3946836                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3159110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32780                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                184756                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1070748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1319328                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1070748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.466382                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.466382                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.405452                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.405452                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6563318                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2022177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1486615                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         240092                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199847                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92152                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85447                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25455                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1058                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2077178                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1316394                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            240092                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       110902                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              273459                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         65316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        63817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          130295                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22066                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2456364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2182905     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          16586      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20899      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          33291      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          13689      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          18035      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          21089      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9889      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         139981      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2456364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090914                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.498469                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2065026                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        77404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          272098                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        41690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        36408                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1607779                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1290                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        41690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2067606                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          5775                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        65375                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          269640                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6274                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1596854                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2231378                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7421026                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7421026                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1839002                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         392376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           23239                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       150725                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        77477                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          921                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        17357                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1557270                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1485614                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1829                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205515                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429203                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2456364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828352     74.43%     74.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285115     11.61%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117788      4.80%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65584      2.67%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89006      3.62%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27762      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27152      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14415      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1190      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2456364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10334     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1428     10.90%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1336     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251292     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20155      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136864      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77121      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1485614                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.562546                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13098                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008817                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5442519                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1763197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1444653                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1498712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1064                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1580                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        41690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          4246                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1557661                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150725                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77477                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          206                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          443                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12918                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13483                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        26401                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1458250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134033                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             211127                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         205825                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            77094                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.552185                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1444694                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1444653                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          865635                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2324569                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.547036                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372385                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1069883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239405                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        23171                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2414674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856079     76.87%     76.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283554     11.74%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102538      4.25%     92.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51364      2.13%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46608      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19719      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19374      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9228      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26210      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2414674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1069883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1318269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               195437                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              119540                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           191146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1186777                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        27205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26210                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3946125                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3157044                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32726                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                184510                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1069883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1318269                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1069883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.468376                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.468376                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.405125                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.405125                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6558568                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2020744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1485999                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         205479                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21633                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83261                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78397                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20497                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          931                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1993829                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1216304                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            205479                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        98894                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              249589                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         67757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        66284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          124431                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21700                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2355035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2105446     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          13134      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20966      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31583      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13175      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          15268      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          16228      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          11551      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         127684      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2355035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077807                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460569                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1968526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        92230                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          247904                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        45006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1474911                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        45006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1973507                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         41088                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        36040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          244439                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        14943                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1472220                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         7775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          892                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2014280                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6862686                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6862686                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1662587                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         351684                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           44503                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       148943                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        82429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4082                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15857                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1467303                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1370247                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2123                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224474                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       517102                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2355035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1771720     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236336     10.04%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130794      5.55%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86020      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78311      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24203      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17579      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6046      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4026      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2355035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           414     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1390     41.19%     53.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1571     46.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1128258     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25238      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       135797      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        80802      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1370247                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.518861                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3375                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002463                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5101027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1692169                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1344995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1373622                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6228                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31263                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5404                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1106                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        45006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         29741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1643                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1467627                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148943                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          877                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11896                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13274                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25170                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1350185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20062                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             209020                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         182876                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            80647                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.511264                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1345103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1344995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          796265                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2019459                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.509299                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       996254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1214673                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254238                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22049                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1817747     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234352     10.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97319      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49996      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37085      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21256      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13006      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11105      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28163      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       996254                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1214673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               194705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              117680                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           168645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1098173                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23667                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        28163                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3750777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2982838                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 35383                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                285839                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            996254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1214673                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       996254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.650804                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.650804                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.377244                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.377244                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6128319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1838527                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1397095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         240047                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199746                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92121                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85455                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25493                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2078481                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1316193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            240047                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       110948                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              273525                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         65352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        62699                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          130361                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22114                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2456641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2183116     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          16617      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20904      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          33318      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13694      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          18118      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          21045      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9862      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         139967      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2456641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090897                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.498393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2066445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        76152                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          272180                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          143                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41717                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        36474                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1607936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1298                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41717                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2069000                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          5714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        64230                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          269742                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6234                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1597148                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2231609                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7422662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7422662                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1840126                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         391478                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           23144                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       150854                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        77497                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          943                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17371                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1557893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1486171                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1827                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205470                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429609                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2456641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828273     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285400     11.62%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117878      4.80%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65507      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89062      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27671      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27240      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14429      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1181      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2456641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10321     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1428     10.91%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1336     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251679     84.22%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20194      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136960      9.22%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77156      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1486171                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.562757                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13085                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008805                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5443895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1763767                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1445229                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1499256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1078                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31249                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1559                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41717                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          4234                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          510                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1558278                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150854                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77497                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          431                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13478                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26389                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1458843                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             211254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         205926                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            77129                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.552409                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1445267                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1445229                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          865899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2324934                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.547254                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372440                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070524                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1319055                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239235                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23182                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2414924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856060     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283703     11.75%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102536      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51313      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46713      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19758      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19409      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9211      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26221      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2414924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1070524                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1319055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               195543                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              119605                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           191251                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1187493                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        27223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3946980                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3158304                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32763                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                184233                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1070524                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1319055                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1070524                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.466898                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.466898                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.405367                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.405367                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6561155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2021464                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1485887                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         205589                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185090                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12462                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77849                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71522                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11206                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          567                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2159231                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1290604                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            205589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        82728                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              254413                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         39538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        55621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          125571                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12316                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2496054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2241641     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           9061      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18570      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7517      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          41520      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          37302      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7009      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          15275      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         118159      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2496054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077849                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488703                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2146261                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        69015                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          253323                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          871                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        26581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        18222                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1512386                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        26581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2149092                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         47694                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13713                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          251507                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         7464                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1510556                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         2821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           63                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1781096                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7109811                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7109811                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1545794                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         235300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           20455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       353516                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       177598                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1630                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505709                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          186                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1437331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1085                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       136233                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       330580                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2496054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.373293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1985241     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153148      6.14%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125490      5.03%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54136      2.17%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68953      2.76%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66347      2.66%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37737      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3190      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1812      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2496054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3676     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28068     86.14%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          840      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905204     62.98%     62.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12520      0.87%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342586     23.83%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176935     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1437331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.544263                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32584                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5404385                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1423062                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1469915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1697                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        26581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         43687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1505895                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353516                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177598                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1383                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6466                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7873                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        14339                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1425902                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341256                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11429                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             518154                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         186500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           176898                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.539936                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1423190                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1423062                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          770581                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1523201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.538860                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.505896                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1146925                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1347926                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158145                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12503                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2469473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980231     80.19%     80.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178840      7.24%     87.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83765      3.39%     90.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82708      3.35%     94.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22381      0.91%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96132      3.89%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7410      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5260      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12746      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2469473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1146925                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1347926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               512150                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              336249                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           177945                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1198735                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        13083                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        12746                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3962798                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3038737                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                144820                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1146925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1347926                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1146925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.302569                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.302569                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.434298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.434298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7041864                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1657817                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1793013                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         203642                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179780                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130735                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124430                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12846                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          600                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2102436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1155130                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            203642                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       137276                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              255360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         59721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        33049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          129147                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2176793     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          36959      1.52%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20649      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          36295      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12603      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          33369      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5718      0.24%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9945      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          99822      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2432153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077112                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.437404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2084814                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        51470                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          254632                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          342                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        40892                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        20633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1301971                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1706                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        40892                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2087199                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         28771                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        15925                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          252385                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6978                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1298962                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1714652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5903087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5903087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1353298                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         361334                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           18538                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       225110                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        40102                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          361                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8903                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1289475                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194534                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1192                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255574                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       543724                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1912300     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167647      6.89%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166788      6.86%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98671      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54758      2.25%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14746      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16494      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          420      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          329      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2248     58.12%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          902     23.32%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          718     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942258     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9857      0.83%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202811     16.98%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39520      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194534                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.452325                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3868                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003238                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4826281                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545255                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1161059                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1100                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        40892                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         21643                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          891                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1289669                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225110                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40102                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          466                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11006                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8354                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        19360                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176762                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             238745                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         177386                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            39487                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.445596                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1161636                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1161059                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          700386                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1567074                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.439650                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.446939                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       908706                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1030967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       258740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        17985                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2002999     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155391      6.50%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96520      4.04%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31309      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50075      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10579      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6802      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6086      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31500      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       908706                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1030967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               212915                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              174412                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           157407                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          903488                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        31500                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3649455                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2620353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 48451                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                208721                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            908706                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1030967                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       908706                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.906192                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.906192                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.344093                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.344093                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5451968                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1523647                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1363481                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         205189                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       184828                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12614                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71350                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11154                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          598                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2159186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1289397                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            205189                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        82504                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              254085                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         40082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        54460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          125676                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12451                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2494912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2240827     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8919      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18354      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7575      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          41572      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          37363      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6917      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          15198      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         118187      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2494912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077697                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.488246                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2146232                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        67874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          252956                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        26975                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        18094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1511429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        26975                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2149180                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         46657                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        13487                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          250995                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         7615                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1509204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         2953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           53                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1778894                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7103840                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7103840                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1540049                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         238820                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          184                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           21309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       353402                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       177385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1648                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8670                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1503846                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          185                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433676                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       339074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2494912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1985319     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       152837      6.13%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125209      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53927      2.16%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68852      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66133      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37694      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3125      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1816      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2494912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3610     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28068     86.32%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          839      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       902460     62.95%     62.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12475      0.87%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           85      0.01%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342005     23.86%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176651     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433676                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.542879                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32517                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022681                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5395776                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642530                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1419491                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1466193                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2458                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17535                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1736                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        26975                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         42710                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1930                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1504031                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353402                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1328                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6645                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7860                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        14505                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422265                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340748                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11411                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             517368                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         185829                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           176620                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.538558                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1419611                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1419491                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          767950                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1517227                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.537508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506154                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1143574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1343766                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160389                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        12657                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2467937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980136     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178318      7.23%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83486      3.38%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82404      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22318      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96023      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7447      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5245      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12560      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2467937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1143574                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1343766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               511516                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              335867                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           177322                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1195007                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12999                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        12560                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3959532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3035303                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 48873                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                145962                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1143574                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1343766                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1143574                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.309316                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.309316                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.433029                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.433029                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7024960                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1652831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1791179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         205964                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168008                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21725                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78417                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20527                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999500                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1219073                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            205964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        98944                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              250059                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         67954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        66892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21798                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2361888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2111829     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          13227      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20941      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31670      1.34%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13094      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          15491      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          16104      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11451      0.48%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         128081      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2361888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077991                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1974033                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        92986                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          248396                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1362                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        45110                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        33399                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1477783                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        45110                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1979054                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         41123                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        36338                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          244881                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        15370                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1475219                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1236                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2018793                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6876198                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6876198                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1666049                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         352743                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          175                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           44670                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       148867                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        82549                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4064                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15903                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1470646                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          327                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1373677                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2049                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224797                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2361888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1777684     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236409     10.01%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130904      5.54%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86048      3.64%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78784      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24307      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17633      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6105      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4014      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2361888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           402     11.93%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1381     40.98%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1587     47.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1131423     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25289      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       135840      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        80973      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1373677                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.520160                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3370                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002453                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5114661                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695837                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1348517                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377047                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6435                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30972                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5396                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        45110                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         30317                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1662                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1470973                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148867                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82549                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          916                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11779                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13428                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25207                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1353541                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128470                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             209275                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         183398                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            80805                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.512535                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1348614                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1348517                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          797938                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2024586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.510633                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998239                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1217118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255039                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2316778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823500     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234771     10.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97555      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50102      2.16%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37204      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21275      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13106      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11016      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28249      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2316778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       998239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1217118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               195047                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              117894                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           169007                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1100355                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28249                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3760686                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2989432                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 35474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                278986                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            998239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1217118                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       998239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.645533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.645533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.377996                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.377996                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6143506                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1843052                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1400211                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2640874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         203978                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179996                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18390                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124381                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12877                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2102886                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1156908                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            203978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       137258                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              255667                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         60120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        32821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          129237                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17845                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.538095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.799684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2177323     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          37031      1.52%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20738      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          36325      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12423      0.51%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          33343      1.37%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5587      0.23%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9992      0.41%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         100228      4.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2432990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077239                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.438078                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2085788                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        50735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          254920                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        20723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          416                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1304216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1716                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2088132                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         28654                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        15275                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          252689                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         7037                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1301287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5075                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1717495                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5913937                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5913937                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1353612                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         363873                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           18765                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       225608                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        40138                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          349                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8920                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1291825                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1195842                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1227                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       257603                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       548899                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1912761     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167730      6.89%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166754      6.85%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98640      4.05%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55143      2.27%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14743      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16465      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          425      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          329      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2268     58.20%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          912     23.40%     81.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          717     18.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       943362     78.89%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9881      0.83%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202989     16.97%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39522      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1195842                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.452821                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3897                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003259                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4829798                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1549635                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1162120                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1199739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1635                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         21703                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          878                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1292018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225608                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40138                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          467                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10900                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8530                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        19430                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177764                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199377                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18078                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             238876                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         177552                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            39499                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.445975                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1162751                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1162120                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          701297                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1569297                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.440051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.446886                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       908971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1031232                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       260836                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        18075                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2003506     83.77%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155411      6.50%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96370      4.03%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31468      1.32%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50030      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10559      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6854      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6098      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31494      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       908971                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1031232                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               212994                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              174491                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           157450                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          903710                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        31494                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3652351                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2625372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 48474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                207884                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            908971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1031232                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       908971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.905345                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.905345                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.344193                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.344193                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5456484                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1524917                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1365457                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4822                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32743.600362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           630125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.776044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1301.009633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   265.788000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    11.845401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    44.288040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.549780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   180.422243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.841506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    86.339147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.034510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    47.163521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.616288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   118.211711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.814482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    91.137081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.028702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    47.471299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.019290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    50.489733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.745823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   276.096749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.020157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    49.110880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.451863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   187.757199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.386682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   120.934749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.530002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   185.337139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.746278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   267.410641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.746314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   121.833178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2724.663276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1137.469737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2167.136366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1729.298358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1106.809730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1950.456150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1360.364961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1124.782243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1098.702598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2702.419406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1093.279764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2130.130300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1880.478873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2123.433126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2795.455441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1926.796640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.039704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.008111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.005506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.001439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.002781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.001541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.008426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.005730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.003691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.005656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.008161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.083150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.034713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.066136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.052774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.033777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.059523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.041515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.034326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.033530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.082471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.033364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.065006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.057388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.064802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.085311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.058801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2771                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2771                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          118                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          609                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4819                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2094389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79149195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3211015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     15363084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2195460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59415372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2206464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25278129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3319882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16588346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4158271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     31939024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4048499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24510519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3362271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16063226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3314270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17947525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2053681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84196668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3308795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16715763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2306032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60856057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3864270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32606402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2149800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     60471826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2039972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     79510963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4010843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32534904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       700790917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9357143                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7939701                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8484923                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      25781767                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2094389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     88506338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3211015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     15363084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2195460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59415372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2206464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25278129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3319882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16588346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4158271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     31939024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4048499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24510519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3362271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16063226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3314270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17947525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2053681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92136369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3308795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16715763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2306032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60856057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3864270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32606402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2149800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     60471826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2039972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     87995886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4010843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32534904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        726572684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2094389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     88506338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3211015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     15363084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2195460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59415372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2206464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25278129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3319882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16588346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4158271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     31939024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4048499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24510519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3362271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16063226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3314270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17947525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2053681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92136369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3308795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16715763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2306032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60856057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3864270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32606402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2149800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     60471826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2039972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     87995886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4010843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32534904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       726572684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2771                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2771                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.513094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.297376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.469388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.327519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.322674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.363436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.311047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.531160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.319767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.482635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.365320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.475566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.509161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.362416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.446152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.866337                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.540714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.469388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.327519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.319885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.554645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.317003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.482635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.475566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.535160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.454151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.540714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.469388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.327519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.319885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.554645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.317003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.482635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.475566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.535160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.454151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161106.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149620.406427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152905.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150618.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156818.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151957.473146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157604.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149574.727811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150903.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149444.558559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154010.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149247.775701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149944.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 148548.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152830.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150123.607477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150648.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152097.669492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157975.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151979.545126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150399.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151961.481818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153735.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151007.585608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148625.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150259.917051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153557.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151558.461153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156920.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150588.945076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154263.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150624.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150902.436908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150921.661290                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 144358.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 146291.775862                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147324.382857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161106.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149756.917090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152905.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150618.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156818.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151957.473146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157604.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149574.727811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150903.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149444.558559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154010.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149247.775701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149944.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 148548.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152830.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150123.607477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150648.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152097.669492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157975.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151291.246305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150399.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151961.481818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153735.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151007.585608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148625.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150259.917051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153557.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151558.461153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156920.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150163.627986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154263.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150624.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150772.501349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161106.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149756.917090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152905.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150618.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156818.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151957.473146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157604.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149574.727811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150903.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149444.558559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154010.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149247.775701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149944.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 148548.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152830.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150123.607477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150648.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152097.669492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157975.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151291.246305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150399.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151961.481818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153735.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151007.585608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148625.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150259.917051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153557.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151558.461153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156920.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150163.627986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154263.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150624.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150772.501349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1339125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     48354968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1989403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9427204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1380848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36664273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1392726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15437465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2042821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10127347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2588188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19479031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2474586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14893922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2084809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9838155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2036669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11081708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1298502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51953615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2027617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10311742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1434300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37409648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2351031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19976191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1336100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37255568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1285164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     48772639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2501744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19962039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    430509148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5747534                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4735843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5107444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15590821                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1339125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     54102502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1989403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9427204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1380848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36664273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1392726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15437465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2042821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10127347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2588188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19479031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2474586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14893922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2084809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9838155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2036669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11081708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1298502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     56689458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2027617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10311742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1434300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37409648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2351031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19976191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1336100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37255568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1285164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     53880083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2501744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19962039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    446099969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1339125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     54102502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1989403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9427204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1380848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36664273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1392726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15437465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2042821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10127347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2588188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19479031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2474586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14893922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2084809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9838155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2036669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11081708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1298502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     56689458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2027617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10311742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1434300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37409648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2351031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19976191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1336100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37255568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1285164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     53880083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2501744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19962039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    446099969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.513094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.297376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.469388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.327519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.322674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.363436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.311047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.531160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.319767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.482635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.365320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.475566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.509161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.362416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.446152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.540714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.469388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.327519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.319885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.554645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.317003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.482635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.475566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.535160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.454151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.540714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.469388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.327519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.319885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.554645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.317003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.482635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.475566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.535160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.454151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103009.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91408.257089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94733.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92423.568627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst        98632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93770.519182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99480.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91345.946746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92855.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91237.360360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95858.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91023.509346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91651.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90266.193939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94764.045455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91945.373832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92575.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93912.779661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99884.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93779.088448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92164.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93743.109091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        95620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92827.910670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90424.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92056.179724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95435.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93372.350877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98858.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92372.422348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96220.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92416.847222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92702.228252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92702.161290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86106.236364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 88059.379310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89090.405714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103009.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91543.996616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94733.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92423.568627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst        98632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93770.519182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99480.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91345.946746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92855.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91237.360360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95858.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91023.509346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91651.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90266.193939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94764.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91945.373832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92575.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93912.779661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99884.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93086.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92164.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93743.109091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        95620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92827.910670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90424.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92056.179724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95435.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93372.350877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98858.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91945.534130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96220.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92416.847222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92571.066404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103009.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91543.996616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94733.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92423.568627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst        98632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93770.519182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99480.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91345.946746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92855.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91237.360360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95858.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91023.509346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91651.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90266.193939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94764.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91945.373832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92575.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93912.779661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99884.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93086.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92164.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93743.109091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        95620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92827.910670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90424.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92056.179724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95435.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93372.350877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98858.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91945.534130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96220.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92416.847222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92571.066404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.744656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.707171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.744656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2689092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2689092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2689092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2689092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2689092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2689092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158181.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158181.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158181.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158181.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158181.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158181.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2246067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2246067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2246067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2246067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2246067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2246067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172774.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172774.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172774.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172774.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172774.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172774.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             92687.837658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   189.939649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    66.060351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.258048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          470                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          470                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    326954945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    326954945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     84567118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84567118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    411522063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    411522063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    411522063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    411522063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        96986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       173883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       173883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132908.514228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132908.514228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 179930.038298                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179930.038298                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140451.216041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140451.216041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140451.216041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140451.216041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          498                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             498                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    120248808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120248808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10017996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10017996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    130266804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130266804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    130266804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130266804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116633.179437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116633.179437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 161580.580645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161580.580645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119182.803294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119182.803294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119182.803294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119182.803294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              467.230157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              749856985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1568738.462343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.230157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       130510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       130510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         130510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       130510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        130510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5727331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5727331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5727331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5727331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5727331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5727331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       130540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       130540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       130540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       130540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       130540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 190911.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190911.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 190911.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190911.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 190911.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190911.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4581684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4581684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4581684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4581684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4581684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4581684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 199203.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199203.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 199203.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199203.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 199203.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199203.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              108861948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             180833.800664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   116.935750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   139.064250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.456780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.543220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       103058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        75554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       178612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         178612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       178612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        178612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total          884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total          884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91684611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91684611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1089907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1089907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     92774518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92774518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     92774518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92774518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       103930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        75566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       179496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       179496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105142.902523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105142.902523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90825.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90825.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104948.549774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104948.549774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104948.549774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104948.549774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     33395820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33395820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       220471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       220471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     33616291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33616291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     33616291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33616291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97363.906706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97363.906706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73490.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73490.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97156.910405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97156.910405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97156.910405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97156.910405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.548920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              765406655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1374159.165171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.548920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         125757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        125757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2807634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2807634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2807634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2807634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2807634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2807634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       125774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       125774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165154.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165154.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165154.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165154.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165154.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165154.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2449663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2449663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2449663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2449663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2449663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2449663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174975.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174975.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174975.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174975.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174975.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174975.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              287889879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             264361.688705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.560820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.439180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.396722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.603278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       321637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       175532                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175532                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       497169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         497169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       497169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        497169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         3016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         3016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    373092720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    373092720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    373092720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    373092720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    373092720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    373092720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       324653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       175532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       500185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       500185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123704.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123704.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123704.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123704.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123704.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123704.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95329765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95329765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95329765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95329765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95329765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95329765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114441.494598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114441.494598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114441.494598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114441.494598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114441.494598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114441.494598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.840756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              746972930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1505993.810484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.840756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       128318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       128318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         128318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       128318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        128318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3286657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3286657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3286657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3286657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3286657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3286657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       128338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       128338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       128338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       128338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       128338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164332.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164332.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164332.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164332.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164332.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164332.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2334739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2334739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2334739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2334739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2334739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2334739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166767.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166767.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166767.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166767.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166767.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166767.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              117716060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             152481.943005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   167.424428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    88.575572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.654002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.345998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        74319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       162842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         162842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       162842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        162842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    214753581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214753581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5005462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5005462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    219759043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219759043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    219759043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219759043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        90307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        74370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120377.567825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120377.567825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98146.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98146.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119759.696458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119759.696458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119759.696458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119759.696458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     50441279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50441279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     50441279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50441279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     50441279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50441279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97754.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97754.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97754.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97754.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97754.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97754.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              467.417419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749856811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1565463.070981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.417419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.019900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.749066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       130336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       130336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         130336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       130336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        130336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6359778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6359778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6359778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6359778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6359778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6359778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       130365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       130365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       130365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       130365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       130365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 219302.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 219302.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 219302.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219302.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 219302.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219302.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5260016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5260016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5260016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5260016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5260016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5260016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 219167.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219167.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 219167.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219167.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 219167.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219167.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              108862088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             180534.142620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   116.958616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   139.041384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.456870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.543130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       103150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        75599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       178749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         178749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       178749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        178749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     94999322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94999322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1556668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1556668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96555990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     96555990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96555990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     96555990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       104025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        75611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       179636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       179636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108570.653714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108570.653714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129722.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129722.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108856.809470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108856.809470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108856.809470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108856.809470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34762929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34762929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       311120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       311120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     35074049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35074049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     35074049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35074049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101055.026163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101055.026163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103706.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103706.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101077.951009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101077.951009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101077.951009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101077.951009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              550.715882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              643069257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1160774.832130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.561917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   524.153965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.042567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.839990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         129035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        129035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5489282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5489282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5489282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5489282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5489282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5489282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       129068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       129068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166341.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166341.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166341.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166341.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166341.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166341.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4767049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4767049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4767049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4767049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4767049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4767049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170251.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170251.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170251.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170251.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170251.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170251.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  589                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              150603941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             178229.515976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   155.985733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   100.014267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.609319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.390681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       180500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       218798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         218798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       218798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        218798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    221457612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221457612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1582011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1582011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    223039623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223039623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    223039623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223039623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       182524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       220837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       220837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109415.816206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109415.816206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105467.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105467.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109386.769495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109386.769495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109386.769495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109386.769495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61029621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61029621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       241331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       241331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61270952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61270952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61270952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61270952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104146.110922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104146.110922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 80443.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80443.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104025.385399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104025.385399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104025.385399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104025.385399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              499.220572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              746408728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1480969.698413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.220572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.038815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         129052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        129052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5846422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5846422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5846422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5846422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5846422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5846422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       129090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       129090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153853.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153853.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153853.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153853.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153853.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153853.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4528886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4528886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4528886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4528886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4528886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4528886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156168.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156168.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156168.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156168.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156168.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156168.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              112761826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             158151.228612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   158.892798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    97.107202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.620675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.379325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        87271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        72641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         159912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        159912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174960337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174960337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1325192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1325192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176285529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    176285529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176285529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    176285529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        88736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       161393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       161393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119426.851195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119426.851195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82824.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82824.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119031.417286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119031.417286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119031.417286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119031.417286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     46078596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46078596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       203341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       203341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     46281937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46281937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     46281937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46281937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101494.704846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101494.704846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67780.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67780.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101273.385120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101273.385120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101273.385120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101273.385120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              467.411297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              749856890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1565463.235908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.411297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.749057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       130415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       130415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         130415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       130415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        130415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6268441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6268441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6268441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6268441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6268441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6268441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       130444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       130444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       130444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       130444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       130444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 216153.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 216153.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 216153.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216153.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 216153.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 216153.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5271670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5271670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5271670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5271670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5271670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5271670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 219652.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219652.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 219652.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219652.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 219652.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219652.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108861943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             180533.902156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   116.927898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   139.072102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.456750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.543250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       103046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        75560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       178606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         178606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       178606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        178606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     95674879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95674879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1183331                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1183331                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     96858210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     96858210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     96858210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     96858210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       103920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        75572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       179492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       179492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109467.824943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109467.824943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98610.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98610.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109320.778781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109320.778781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109320.778781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109320.778781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34808980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34808980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       316875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       316875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35125855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35125855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35125855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35125855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101188.895349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101188.895349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       105625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101227.247839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101227.247839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101227.247839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101227.247839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              467.400281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              749856741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1565462.924843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.400281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.019872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.749039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       130266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       130266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         130266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       130266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        130266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5646485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5646485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5646485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5646485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5646485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5646485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       130295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       130295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       130295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       130295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       130295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 194706.379310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194706.379310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 194706.379310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194706.379310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 194706.379310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194706.379310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4848527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4848527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4848527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4848527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4848527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4848527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 202021.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202021.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 202021.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202021.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 202021.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202021.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              108861852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             180533.751244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   116.882305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   139.117695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.456572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.543428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       102997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        75509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       178506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         178506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       178506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        178506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     98238286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98238286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2771720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2771720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    101010006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    101010006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    101010006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    101010006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       103867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        75521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       179388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       179388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112917.570115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112917.570115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 230976.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230976.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114523.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114523.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114523.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114523.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     36356319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36356319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       591906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       591906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     36948225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36948225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     36948225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36948225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105686.973837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105686.973837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       197302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       197302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106479.034582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106479.034582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106479.034582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106479.034582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.745136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750132343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1494287.535857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.745136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         124413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        124413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2706809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2706809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2706809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2706809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2706809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2706809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       124431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       124431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150378.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150378.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150378.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150378.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150378.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150378.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2171546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2171546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2171546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2171546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2171546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2171546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       167042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       167042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       167042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1098                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125035658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             92345.389956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   190.534476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    65.465524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.744275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.255725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        94522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        76196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       170718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         170718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       170718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        170718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    332690352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332690352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     72238883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72238883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    404929235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    404929235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    404929235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    404929235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        96984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        76615                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76615                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.025386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005469                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005469                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 135130.118603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135130.118603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 172407.835322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172407.835322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 140551.626171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140551.626171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 140551.626171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140551.626171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    124509591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124509591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8475540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8475540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    132985131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132985131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    132985131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132985131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119376.405561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119376.405561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 154100.727273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154100.727273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121115.784153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121115.784153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121115.784153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121115.784153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              467.401880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749856807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1565463.062630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.401880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.749041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       130332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       130332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         130332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       130332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        130332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5480874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5480874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5480874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5480874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5480874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5480874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       130361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       130361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       130361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       130361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       130361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188995.655172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188995.655172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188995.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188995.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188995.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188995.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4514008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4514008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4514008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4514008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4514008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4514008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188083.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188083.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188083.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188083.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188083.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188083.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              108861953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             180533.918740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   116.907968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   139.092032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.456672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.543328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       103061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        75555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       178616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         178616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       178616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        178616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     97008438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97008438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1195267                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1195267                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98203705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     98203705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98203705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     98203705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       103936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       179499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       179499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110866.786286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110866.786286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149408.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149408.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111215.973952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111215.973952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111215.973952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111215.973952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     35518001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35518001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       443640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       443640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     35961641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35961641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     35961641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35961641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103250.002907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103250.002907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       147880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       147880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103635.853026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103635.853026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103635.853026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103635.853026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              557.450720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765406451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1371696.148746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.450720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.023158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         125553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        125553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3337911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3337911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3337911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3337911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3337911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3337911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       125571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       125571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 185439.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185439.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 185439.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185439.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 185439.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185439.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2822438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2822438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2822438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2822438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2822438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2822438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 188162.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188162.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 188162.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188162.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 188162.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188162.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  835                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287890415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             263877.557287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   101.577659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   154.422341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.396788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.603212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       321975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       175728                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175728                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       497703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         497703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       497703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        497703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    374978045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    374978045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    374978045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    374978045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    374978045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    374978045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       324997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       175728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       500725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       500725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124082.741562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124082.741562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124082.741562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124082.741562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124082.741562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124082.741562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97178874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97178874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97178874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97178874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97178874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97178874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116381.885030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116381.885030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116381.885030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116381.885030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116381.885030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116381.885030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              550.431592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              643069335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1162874.023508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.332414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.099178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.040597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         129113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        129113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5371586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5371586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5371586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5371586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5371586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5371586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       129147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       129147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157987.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157987.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157987.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157987.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157987.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157987.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4534549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4534549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4534549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4534549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4534549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4534549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167946.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167946.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167946.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167946.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167946.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167946.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  597                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              150603728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             176557.711606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   158.163796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    97.836204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.617827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.382173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       180289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       218587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         218587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       218587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        218587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    224768209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224768209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1628586                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1628586                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    226396795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226396795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    226396795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    226396795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       182337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       220650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       220650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109750.102051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109750.102051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108572.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108572.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109741.539021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109741.539021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109741.539021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109741.539021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     61794409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61794409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       251649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       251649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     62046058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62046058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     62046058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62046058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104030.991582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104030.991582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        83883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103929.745394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103929.745394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103929.745394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103929.745394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.529121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              765406558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1374158.991023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.529121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         125660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        125660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2764658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2764658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2764658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2764658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2764658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2764658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       125676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       125676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172791.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172791.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172791.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172791.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172791.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172791.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2445431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2445431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2445431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2445431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2445431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2445431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 174673.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174673.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 174673.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174673.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 174673.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174673.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              287889873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             262913.126027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   101.532240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   154.467760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.396610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.603390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       321682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       175477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       497159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         497159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       497159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        497159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    374734089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    374734089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    374734089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    374734089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    374734089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    374734089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       324705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       175477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       500182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       500182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123960.995369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123960.995369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123960.995369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123960.995369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123960.995369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123960.995369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     97568439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97568439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     97568439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97568439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     97568439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97568439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116291.345650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116291.345650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116291.345650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116291.345650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116291.345650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116291.345650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.745592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750132715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1494288.276892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.745592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2712280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2712280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2712280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2712280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2712280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2712280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150682.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150682.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150682.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150682.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150682.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150682.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2185392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2185392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2185392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2185392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2185392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2185392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168107.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168107.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168107.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168107.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168107.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168107.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1095                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125035562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             92550.378979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   190.356299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    65.643701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.743579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.256421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        94325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        76297                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76297                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       170622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         170622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       170622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        170622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    329408881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    329408881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     77348041                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77348041                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    406756922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406756922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    406756922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    406756922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        96823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        76746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       173569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       173569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005850                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005850                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 131869.047638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131869.047638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 172267.351893                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172267.351893                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 138024.065830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138024.065830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 138024.065830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138024.065830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    120551796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120551796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9095217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9095217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    129647013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129647013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    129647013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129647013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116250.526519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116250.526519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 156814.086207                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156814.086207                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118399.098630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118399.098630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118399.098630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118399.098630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              550.791163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              643069427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1162874.189873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.691970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.099193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       129205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       129205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         129205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       129205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        129205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5308533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5308533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5308533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5308533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5308533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5308533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       129237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       129237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       129237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       129237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       129237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165891.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165891.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165891.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165891.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165891.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165891.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4657664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4657664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4657664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4657664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4657664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4657664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172506.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172506.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172506.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172506.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172506.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172506.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  599                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              150603811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             176144.808187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   157.216204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    98.783796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.614126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.385874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       180372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       218670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         218670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       218670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        218670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    221716766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221716766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1385687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1385687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    223102453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223102453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    223102453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223102453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       182417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       220730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       220730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108418.956479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108418.956479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92379.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92379.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108302.161650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108302.161650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108302.161650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108302.161650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61529432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61529432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       224011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       224011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61753443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61753443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61753443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61753443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103237.302013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103237.302013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 74670.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74670.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103094.228715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103094.228715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103094.228715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103094.228715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
