
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001202                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1202157207                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449097236847                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 419710                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   553112                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  38645                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67630960                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31108.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13056351196                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206210276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        53632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        16000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        16000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        15744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        29824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        15744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        30464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        85632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        52992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        53888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               575232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           55168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       169984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            169984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1328                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1328                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2768357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     25128161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3194258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     44613134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2874832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13309407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2874832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     12883506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2874832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13309407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2874832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13096457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2661881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24808735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2555406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23956933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2874832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13096457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2661881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     25341112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2661881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     71231948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3300733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     44080757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2874832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13202932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2768357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     25234636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2768357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24489310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3300733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     44826084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               478499814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2768357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3194258                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2874832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2874832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2874832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2874832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2661881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2555406                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2874832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2661881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2661881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3300733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2874832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2768357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2768357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3300733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           45890837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         141399144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              141399144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         141399144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2768357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     25128161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3194258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     44613134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2874832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13309407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2874832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     12883506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2874832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13309407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2874832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13096457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2661881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24808735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2555406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23956933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2874832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13096457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2661881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     25341112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2661881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     71231948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3300733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     44080757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2874832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13202932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2768357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     25234636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2768357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24489310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3300733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     44826084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              619898958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221469                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196134                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141839                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137791                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          652                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304662                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1256254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221469                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151487                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278194                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        37506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140686                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18637                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2663573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2385379     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41194      1.55%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21600      0.81%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40473      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13523      0.51%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37391      1.40%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6035      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10519      0.39%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107459      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2663573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.076822                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435765                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2234464                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       108530                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277450                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        42789                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21916                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1411356                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        42789                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2242319                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         70933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        15569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          271103                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        20854                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1408478                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        18664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1852708                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6391473                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6391473                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         374624                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           38126                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248165                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42570                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          255                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9386                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399072                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301004                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       266531                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       563937                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2663573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.105523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2091829     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189280      7.11%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180498      6.78%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110084      4.13%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58438      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15133      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17503      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          423      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          385      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2663573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2370     57.75%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          958     23.34%     81.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          776     18.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023267     78.65%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10483      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225186     17.31%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41973      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301004                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.451287                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4104                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5270933                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1665827                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265850                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1684                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        42789                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         36551                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2558                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399279                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           65                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248165                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42570                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          515                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11529                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8788                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20317                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282470                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221446                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263397                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194362                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41951                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.444858                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1266453                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1265850                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          764741                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1689182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.439093                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452729                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269685                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18894                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2620784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2198369     83.88%     83.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166849      6.37%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106620      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33192      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55266      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11340      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7211      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6514      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35423      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2620784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195297                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173317                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35423                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3984710                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2841556                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 51163                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                219299                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.882860                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.882860                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5950199                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1655704                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1487434                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         224057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201744                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13591                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88843                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78164                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12221                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          633                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2360372                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1405424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            224057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        90385                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              277345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         43109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        58373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          137215                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13452                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2725284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2447939     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           9663      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20314      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           8448      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          45380      1.67%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          40913      1.50%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           7642      0.28%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          16411      0.60%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         128574      4.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2725284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077720                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.487508                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2346398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        72820                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          276139                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          947                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        28971                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        19829                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          223                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1647534                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1348                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        28971                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2349430                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         49968                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        14744                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          274173                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         7989                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1645111                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         3110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           24                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1937167                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7743334                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7743334                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1681141                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         256003                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          219                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22340                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       386284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       194030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1779                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         9491                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1639417                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          222                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1564853                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1117                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       147918                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       360660                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2725284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2168942     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166730      6.12%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136839      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59230      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74705      2.74%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72421      2.66%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41108      1.51%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3290      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2019      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2725284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3885     10.94%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30712     86.51%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          906      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       983627     62.86%     62.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13590      0.87%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       374290     23.92%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       193254     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1564853                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.542810                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35503                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5891610                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1787618                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1549448                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1600356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2818                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19000                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2026                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          137                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        28971                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         45567                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2057                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1639646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           49                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       386284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       194030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          127                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1387                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7121                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        15531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1552521                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       372882                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             566087                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         203373                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           193205                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.538533                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1549590                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1549448                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          837554                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1650941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.537467                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507319                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1249182                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1467872                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       171925                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        13648                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2696313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163370     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194915      7.23%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91228      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        90191      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24239      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104845      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7908      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5637      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13980      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2696313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1249182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1467872                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               559281                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              367277                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           193871                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1305191                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        13980                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4322117                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3308598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 53452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                157588                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1249182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1467872                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1249182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.307808                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.307808                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.433312                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.433312                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        7669698                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1802222                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1954470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         260102                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216650                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25340                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102648                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2259700                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1428662                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            260102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       120589                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              296692                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         71337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        75839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          141829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2677992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2381300     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          17882      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          22744      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          36212      1.35%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          14808      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          19528      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          22803      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10663      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         152052      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2677992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090223                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.495569                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2246174                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        90926                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          295160                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          182                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        45544                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        39309                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1744868                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        45544                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2249004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          7479                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        76648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          292470                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6842                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1733149                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2421805                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      8055907                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      8055907                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1993388                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         428417                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           25201                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       163554                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        83992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          996                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        18989                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1689915                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1609929                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       475185                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2677992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1996563     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310217     11.58%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126999      4.74%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        71882      2.68%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95853      3.58%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30340      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29245      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15658      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1235      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2677992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11166     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1559     11.00%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1451     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1356417     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21791      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148006      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83517      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1609929                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.558446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14176                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008805                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5914005                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1915769                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1566331                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1624105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1297                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1740                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        45544                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          5600                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          714                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1690333                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163554                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14509                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        28944                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1580962                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145257                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             228746                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         222942                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            83489                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.548398                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1566371                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1566331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          938455                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2521828                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.543323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372133                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1159473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1428531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       261823                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        25345                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2632448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027135     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307114     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111480      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55279      2.10%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50667      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21345      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21109      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9979      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28340      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2632448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1159473                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1428531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               211752                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              129500                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           207010                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1286165                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        29474                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        28340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4294449                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3426258                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 36164                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                204880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1159473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1428531                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1159473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.486364                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.486364                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.402194                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.402194                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7111157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2190842                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1612510                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         260260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216726                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102533                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93119                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27643                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1183                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2260327                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1429172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            260260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       120762                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              296943                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         71411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        75729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          141831                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2678825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2381882     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          17963      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          22607      0.84%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          36310      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          14987      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          19573      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          22649      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          10621      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         152233      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2678825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090278                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.495746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2246800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        90823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          295389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          198                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        45609                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        39367                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1746081                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        45609                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2249627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          7780                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        76226                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          292709                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6869                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1734238                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2422696                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      8061740                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      8061740                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1995242                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         427454                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          239                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           25250                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       164145                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        84062                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          957                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        18961                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1690904                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1610797                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1942                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225277                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       475770                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           39                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2678825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1997087     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310171     11.58%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126999      4.74%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72158      2.69%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96123      3.59%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30150      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29277      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15630      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1230      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2678825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11186     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1560     10.99%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1453     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1357159     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21791      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148073      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83576      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1610797                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.558747                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14199                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008815                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5916560                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1916642                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1567279                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1624996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1296                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34516                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1747                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        45609                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          5841                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          725                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1691346                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       164145                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84062                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          240                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          627                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14317                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        28870                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1581930                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145427                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             228978                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         223084                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            83551                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.548734                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1567323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1567279                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          939325                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2524620                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.543652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372066                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1160531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1429840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       261529                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          402                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        25354                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2633216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027603     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307225     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111427      4.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55258      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50818      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21351      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21132      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10048      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28354      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2633216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1160531                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1429840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               211944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              129629                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           207214                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1287324                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        29497                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        28354                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4296218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3428353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 36272                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                204047                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1160531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1429840                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1160531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.484097                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.484097                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.402561                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.402561                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7116009                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2192078                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1613204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         259723                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216306                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25441                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102182                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          92896                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27580                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2257316                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1426280                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            259723                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       120476                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              296335                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         71678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        76826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          141778                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24216                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2676477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.033641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2380142     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          17899      0.67%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          22615      0.84%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          36288      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          14867      0.56%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          19481      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          22586      0.84%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          10671      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         151928      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2676477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090092                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.494743                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2243786                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        91933                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          294779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          190                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        45783                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        39278                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1742547                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        45783                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2246649                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          7662                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        77487                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          292056                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6835                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1730649                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2418401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      8044694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      8044694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1989007                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         429394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           25138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       163768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        83806                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          955                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        18957                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1687772                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          435                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1606754                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226740                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       480486                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           33                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2676477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.322265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1996241     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       309727     11.57%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126756      4.74%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        71921      2.69%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95546      3.57%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30216      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29252      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15568      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1250      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2676477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11189     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1568     11.04%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1445     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1353734     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21728      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          197      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147773      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83322      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1606754                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.557345                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5906182                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1914967                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1563126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1620956                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1264                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34578                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1764                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        45783                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          5762                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          720                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1688208                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83806                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          623                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14566                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        29006                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1577823                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145024                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28931                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             228322                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         222485                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            83298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.547309                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1563169                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1563126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          936484                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2517098                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.542211                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372049                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1156867                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1425264                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       262969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          402                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        25447                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2630694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2026784     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       306470     11.65%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111213      4.23%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54973      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50645      1.93%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21252      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21122      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10003      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28232      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2630694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1156867                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1425264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               211232                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              129190                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           206523                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1283209                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        29394                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        28232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4290682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3422255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 36299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                206395                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1156867                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1425264                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1156867                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.491965                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.491965                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.401290                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.401290                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7096816                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2186849                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1609707                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         259879                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25376                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93017                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27566                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2259439                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1427389                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            259879                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       120583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              296444                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         71470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        75492                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          141839                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24151                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2677233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.033883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2380789     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          17876      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          22631      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          36237      1.35%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          14886      0.56%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          19458      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          22705      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10689      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         151962      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2677233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090146                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.495127                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2245856                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        90659                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          294893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        45641                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        39235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1743494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        45641                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2248700                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          7732                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        76146                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          292183                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6826                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1731744                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2419878                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      8049863                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      8049863                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1991668                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         428210                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          414                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           24941                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       163548                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        83878                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          934                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        18978                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1688712                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1608256                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2025                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       477215                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2677233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.322566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1996422     74.57%     74.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       309902     11.58%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126855      4.74%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72060      2.69%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95632      3.57%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30309      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29237      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15559      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1257      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2677233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11225     78.89%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1561     10.97%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1443     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1355103     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21789      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          197      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147786      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83381      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1608256                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.557866                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14229                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008847                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5909999                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1914794                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1564690                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1622485                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1236                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1739                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        45641                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          5858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          732                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1689130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163548                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83878                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          631                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14527                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14490                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        29017                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1579284                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145069                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             228424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         222668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            83355                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.547816                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1564732                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1564690                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          937547                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2519412                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.542754                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1158408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1427183                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       261970                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        25381                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2026859     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       306876     11.66%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111337      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55108      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50663      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21337      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21163      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9998      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28251      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1158408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1427183                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               211506                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              129367                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           206800                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1284937                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        29434                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        28251                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4292481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3423953                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 36222                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                205639                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1158408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1427183                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1158408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.488650                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.488650                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.401824                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.401824                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7103808                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2188812                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1610971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2882865                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         221815                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141780                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13662                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304925                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1257884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            221815                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       151599                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              278574                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         62243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        37200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          140617                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18541                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2663736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2385162     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          41222      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          21741      0.82%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          40495      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13477      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          37489      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6030      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10487      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         107633      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2663736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.076943                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.436331                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2234061                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       108866                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          277861                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          328                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        42614                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        22028                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          425                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1413295                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1778                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        42614                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2241945                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         71082                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        15577                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          271528                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        20984                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1410617                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        18827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1856093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6401369                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6401369                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1482437                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         373656                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           38215                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       248148                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        42768                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         9435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401475                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          206                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1303771                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       560610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2663736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2090813     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189502      7.11%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       181074      6.80%     92.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110421      4.15%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58396      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15132      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17569      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          432      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          397      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2663736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2396     58.01%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          958     23.20%     81.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          776     18.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1025719     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10545      0.81%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225231     17.28%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42181      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1303771                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.452248                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4130                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5276666                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667525                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1268883                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307901                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1700                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        42614                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         36462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2584                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401687                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248148                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42768                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          514                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8808                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        20213                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1285169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221514                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18602                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             263678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         194887                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            42164                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.445796                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1269450                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1268883                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          766761                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1694247                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.440147                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.452567                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1132784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       268993                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        18768                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2621122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.432175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2197494     83.84%     83.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167350      6.38%     90.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106985      4.08%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33379      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55313      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11267      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7215      0.28%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6502      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35617      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2621122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1002510                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1132784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               236643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              195575                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           173755                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          990914                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        14590                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        35617                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3987269                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2846204                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 51121                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                219129                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1002510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1132784                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1002510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.875647                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.875647                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.347748                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.347748                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5962617                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1659879                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1489612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         221651                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196309                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141764                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13671                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          651                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304104                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1257143                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            221651                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       151579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              278310                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         62683                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        37105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          140666                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18637                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2662862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2384552     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          41077      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          21664      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          40550      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13403      0.50%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          37551      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6043      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          10447      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         107575      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2662862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.076885                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.436073                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2234739                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       107295                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          277548                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          354                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        42920                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        21914                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          425                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1412334                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1776                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        42920                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2242528                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         70226                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        15132                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          271260                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        20790                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1409465                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        18568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1853918                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6396232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6396232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1478047                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         375868                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           38327                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       248642                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        42562                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          273                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         9351                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400161                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301737                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1211                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267621                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       566860                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2662862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2091029     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189041      7.10%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180677      6.79%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110176      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58349      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15301      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17488      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          423      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          378      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2662862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2337     57.35%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          963     23.63%     80.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          775     19.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023560     78.63%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10509      0.81%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225613     17.33%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41960      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301737                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.451542                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4075                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003130                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5271622                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1668006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266423                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1049                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53345                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1676                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        42920                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         36249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2518                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400368                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           66                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248642                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42562                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          527                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8794                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        20314                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283100                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221678                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             263623                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         194446                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            41945                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.445077                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1267024                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1266423                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          765254                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1691125                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.439292                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.452512                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999988                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129661                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270795                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        18901                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2619942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2197520     83.88%     83.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166829      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106698      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33200      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55172      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11353      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7228      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6521      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35421      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2619942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       999988                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1129661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               236183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              195297                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           173313                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          988101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        35421                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3984964                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2843871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 51347                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                220010                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            999988                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1129661                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       999988                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.882907                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.882907                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.346872                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.346872                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5953145                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1656311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1488479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         259925                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216589                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102741                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93107                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1170                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2260427                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1427949                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            259925                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       120697                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              296668                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         71306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        74140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          141827                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24097                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2676965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2380297     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          17834      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          22811      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          36275      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          14805      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          19578      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          22792      0.85%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          10535      0.39%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         152038      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2676965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090162                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.495322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2246929                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        89213                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          295111                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          191                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        45515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        39176                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1744212                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        45515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2249791                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          7524                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        74881                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          292400                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6849                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1732319                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2420509                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      8053480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      8053480                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1993167                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         427316                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          434                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          235                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           25076                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       163707                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        83896                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          995                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        18916                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1688736                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          437                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1608903                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224998                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       474628                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           35                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2676965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.322844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1995872     74.56%     74.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310189     11.59%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126636      4.73%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72097      2.69%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95851      3.58%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30242      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29243      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15601      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1234      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2676965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11206     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1558     10.96%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1452     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1355623     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21759      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147905      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83418      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1608903                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.558090                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14216                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5910965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1914191                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1565414                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1623119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1301                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34228                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1663                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        45515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          5656                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          707                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1689174                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163707                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83896                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          610                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14446                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        28941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1580056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145265                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             228655                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         222728                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            83390                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.548084                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1565451                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1565414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          938228                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2522160                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.543005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1159343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1428355                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       260839                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          402                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        25347                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2026243     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307079     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111451      4.24%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55169      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50717      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21371      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21111      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9994      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28315      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1159343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1428355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               211712                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              129479                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           206993                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1285996                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        29468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28315                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4292316                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3423917                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 36200                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                205907                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1159343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1428355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1159343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.486643                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.486643                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.402149                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.402149                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7107913                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2189537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1611701                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         221694                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19138                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141742                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137844                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13631                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          633                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2303455                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1257589                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            221694                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       151475                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              278397                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         62532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        38527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          140613                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2663651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2385254     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          41164      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21645      0.81%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          40512      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13456      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          37460      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6056      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         107577      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2663651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.076900                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.436228                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2236621                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       106159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          277663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          352                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        42850                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        21992                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1412917                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1760                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        42850                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2244130                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         69388                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        15533                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          271537                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        20207                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1410128                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        17918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1855225                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6398568                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6398568                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1479107                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         376075                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           37305                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       248410                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        42580                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          263                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         9377                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302717                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1232                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       564195                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2663651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2091659     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188626      7.08%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       181286      6.81%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110083      4.13%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58326      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15241      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17621      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          437      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          372      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2663651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2361     57.53%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          966     23.54%     81.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777     18.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024646     78.65%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10508      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225426     17.30%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42042      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302717                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.451882                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4104                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5274420                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1668822                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267618                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1085                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53049                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        42850                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         36632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2443                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401196                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           83                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248410                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42580                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11443                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8810                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        20253                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1284226                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221749                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             263767                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         194709                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            42018                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.445468                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1268206                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1267618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          765949                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1691607                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.439707                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.452794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130410                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270836                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        18823                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2620801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2198086     83.87%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167012      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106760      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33279      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55090      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11315      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7238      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6490      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35531      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2620801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1000598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1130410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               236283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              195358                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           173424                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          988771                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        14540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        35531                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3986503                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2845401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 51307                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                219221                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1000598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1130410                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1000598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.881149                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.881149                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.347084                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.347084                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5958267                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1658014                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1489141                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         224043                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182642                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23434                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91360                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22305                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2172566                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1324393                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            224043                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       107822                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              271803                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         73428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        74842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          135415                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23497                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2568335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.992419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2296532     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          14454      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          22826      0.89%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          34155      1.33%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          14461      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          16990      0.66%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          17548      0.68%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          12310      0.48%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         139059      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2568335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077715                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459401                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2144023                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       104155                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          269858                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1560                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        48736                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        36401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          390                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1604808                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1361                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        48736                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2149661                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         47462                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        39531                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          265949                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        16993                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1601461                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         3221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         8577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1229                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2190145                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7465877                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7465877                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1808539                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         381599                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           49338                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       161869                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        89738                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4633                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        18733                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1596045                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490420                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2138                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243725                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       562533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2568335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1932886     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257770     10.04%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       142580      5.55%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93713      3.65%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85539      3.33%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26044      1.01%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18945      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6559      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4299      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2568335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           390     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1630     43.33%     53.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1742     46.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1227243     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27365      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147624      9.90%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88023      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490420                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.516991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3762                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002524                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5555075                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1840203                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1463180                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1494182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6969                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33571                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5808                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1184                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        48736                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         33423                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2079                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1596409                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161869                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89738                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1206                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12615                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14480                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        27095                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1468729                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139812                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21691                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             227673                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         199658                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            87861                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.509467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1463323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1463180                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          865255                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2195811                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.507542                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1084161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1322065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       275553                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          333                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23859                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2519599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1983819     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255165     10.13%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105920      4.20%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54326      2.16%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40423      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23046      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14116      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11808      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30976      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2519599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1084161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1322065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               212223                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              128295                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           183923                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1194913                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25775                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        30976                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4086228                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3243992                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 38799                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                314537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1084161                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1322065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1084161                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.659081                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.659081                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.376070                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.376070                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6665643                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1998265                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1521473                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         223929                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201834                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13617                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78157                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12156                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          627                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2360550                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1406518                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            223929                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        90313                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              277258                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         43152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        58156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          137254                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13471                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2725179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2447921     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           9504      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20203      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           8409      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          45329      1.66%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          40828      1.50%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7828      0.29%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          16598      0.61%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         128559      4.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2725179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077676                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.487888                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2346539                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        72634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          276053                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          957                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        28987                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        19640                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1648729                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1380                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        28987                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2349669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         50509                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13756                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          274023                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8226                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1646476                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         3186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           22                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1940238                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7750334                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7750334                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1681248                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         258978                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          196                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          103                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           22830                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       386064                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       193959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1796                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         9453                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1640620                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          198                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1565053                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1085                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       148699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       365833                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2725179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2168810     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166889      6.12%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136681      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59093      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74843      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72348      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41194      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3321      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2000      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2725179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3858     10.87%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30723     86.56%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          912      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       984132     62.88%     62.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13573      0.87%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       374072     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       193184     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1565053                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.542880                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35493                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022678                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5891863                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1789579                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1549394                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1600546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2761                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18731                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        28987                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         46181                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2107                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1640823                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       386064                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          104                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7213                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8368                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        15581                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1552392                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       372550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             565681                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         203121                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           193131                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.538488                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1549530                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1549394                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          837811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1653131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.537448                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1249287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1467992                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       172990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        13664                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2696192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163083     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194917      7.23%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91319      3.39%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        90281      3.35%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24219      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104962      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7862      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5656      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13893      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2696192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1249287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1467992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               559354                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              367326                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           193885                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1305297                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        13893                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4323268                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3310978                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 53431                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                157693                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1249287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1467992                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1249287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.307614                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.307614                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.433348                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.433348                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7668828                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1803108                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1955224                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         259617                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216206                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          92912                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27589                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1186                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2258781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1426529                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            259617                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       120501                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              296423                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         71248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        76285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          141758                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24098                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2677162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.033541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2380739     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          17909      0.67%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          22771      0.85%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          36263      1.35%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          14816      0.55%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          19466      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          22560      0.84%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10610      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         152028      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2677162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090055                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.494829                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2245268                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        91397                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          294857                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        45456                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        39289                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1742579                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        45456                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2248118                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          7575                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        77065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          292145                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6798                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1730645                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2418021                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      8045635                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      8045635                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1991668                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         426353                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          414                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           24863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       163573                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        83884                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          966                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        18996                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1687770                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1607591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1999                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       476053                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2677162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.322290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1996466     74.57%     74.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310067     11.58%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126712      4.73%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        71986      2.69%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95611      3.57%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30250      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29299      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15514      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1257      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2677162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11265     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1552     10.88%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1444     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1354539     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21759      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          197      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147702      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83394      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1607591                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.557635                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14261                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5908604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1912807                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1564208                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1621852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1261                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34206                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1745                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        45456                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          5707                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          715                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1688188                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163573                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83884                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          614                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14443                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14439                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        28882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1578756                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       144966                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             228335                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         222633                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            83369                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.547633                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1564251                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1564208                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          937023                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2519372                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.542587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371927                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1158408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1427183                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       261030                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        25344                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027034     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       306833     11.66%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111302      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55042      2.09%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50728      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21376      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21144      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10012      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28235      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1158408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1427183                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               211506                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              129367                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           206800                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1284937                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        29434                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        28235                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4291671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3421888                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 36210                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                205710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1158408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1427183                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1158408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.488650                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.488650                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.401824                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.401824                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        7101499                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2187795                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1610069                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         221674                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19212                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141507                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137683                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13584                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2303042                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1258191                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            221674                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       151267                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              278358                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         62823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        37362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          140625                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18639                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2662250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.788402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2383892     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          41093      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          21592      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          40381      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13578      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          37415      1.41%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6064      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          10542      0.40%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         107693      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2662250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.076893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.436437                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2233728                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       107508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          277611                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          331                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        43066                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        21898                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          423                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1413410                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1778                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        43066                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2241493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         70145                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        15516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          271290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        20734                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1410360                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        18506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1855316                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6400491                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6400491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1477427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         377845                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           38307                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       248692                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        42643                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          262                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         9383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400954                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301239                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1241                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268631                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       571850                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2662250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2090833     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188805      7.09%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180494      6.78%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110241      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58258      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15224      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17576      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          437      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          382      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2662250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2321     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          968     23.82%     80.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          774     19.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023319     78.64%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10512      0.81%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225298     17.31%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42015      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301239                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.451369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4063                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003122                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5270030                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1669809                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266080                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305302                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53431                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        43066                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         36243                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401163                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           69                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248692                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42643                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8867                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        20349                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282760                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221618                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             263611                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         194346                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            41993                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.444959                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1266729                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1266080                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          764978                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1689925                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.439173                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.452670                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129223                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271985                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        18898                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2619184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2196993     83.88%     83.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166613      6.36%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106782      4.08%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33267      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55131      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11137      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7298      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6456      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35507      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2619184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       999637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1129223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               236122                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              195254                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           173239                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          987720                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        14519                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        35507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3984872                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2845548                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 51293                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                220622                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            999637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1129223                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       999637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.883919                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.883919                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.346750                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.346750                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5951824                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1656106                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1489547                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         221778                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196360                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19281                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141549                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137762                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13613                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          615                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304642                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1257718                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            221778                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       151375                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              278386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         63013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        37940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          140733                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18704                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2664578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2386192     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          41074      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          21627      0.81%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          40523      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13607      0.51%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          37369      1.40%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5970      0.22%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10543      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         107673      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2664578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.436273                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2234174                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       109227                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          277644                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        43188                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        21985                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          423                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1413130                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1780                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        43188                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2242092                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         71215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        15775                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          271261                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        21041                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1410256                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        18819                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1855312                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6399628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6399628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1476512                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         378795                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           38346                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       248685                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        42554                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          245                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         9363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301433                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1316                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       571630                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2664578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2093223     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188947      7.09%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180196      6.76%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109983      4.13%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58558      2.20%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15264      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17624      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          415      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          368      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2664578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2379     57.70%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          967     23.45%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777     18.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023704     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10447      0.80%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225258     17.31%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41929      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301433                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.451436                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4123                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5272883                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670785                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1050                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53494                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1723                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        43188                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         36702                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2545                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           65                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248685                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42554                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          502                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11521                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8909                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        20430                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282839                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18594                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             263465                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         194378                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            41915                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.444986                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1266715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1266093                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          764807                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1689992                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.439178                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.452551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1128566                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272760                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        18966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2621390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2199586     83.91%     83.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166531      6.35%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106527      4.06%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33051      1.26%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55183      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11321      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7278      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6481      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35432      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2621390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       999107                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1128566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               236017                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              195188                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           173148                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          987127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        14506                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        35432                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3987271                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2845881                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 51283                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                218294                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            999107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1128566                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       999107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.885449                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.885449                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346567                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346567                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5951743                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1656111                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1488880                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2882872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         223828                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201513                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13735                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78033                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12202                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          623                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2358563                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1403911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            223828                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        90235                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              276927                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         43625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        58071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          137258                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13587                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2723123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2446196     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9663      0.35%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20143      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           8447      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          45278      1.66%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          40742      1.50%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7792      0.29%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          16540      0.61%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         128322      4.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2723123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077641                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.486983                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2344599                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        72517                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          275727                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          937                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        29334                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        19834                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1645625                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        29334                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2347692                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         48617                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        15682                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          273718                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1643321                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents            5                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1936688                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7733771                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7733771                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1677368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         259304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           22562                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       384838                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       193226                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1751                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         9602                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1637413                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          206                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1562066                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1135                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       149724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       365022                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2723123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2167001     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167479      6.15%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136479      5.01%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59118      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74635      2.74%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72071      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41012      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3316      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2012      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2723123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3946     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30562     86.29%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          911      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       983089     62.94%     62.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13596      0.87%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       372848     23.87%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192441     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1562066                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.541844                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35419                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5883809                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1787406                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1546386                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1597485                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2750                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19192                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2038                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          136                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        29334                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         44238                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2081                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1637625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           75                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       384838                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193226                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1412                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7207                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8492                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        15699                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1549515                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       371305                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             563698                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         202923                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           192393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.537490                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1546515                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1546386                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          836095                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1650206                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.536405                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506661                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1245576                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1463777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       174011                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        13790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2693789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2161889     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194884      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91131      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89840      3.34%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24215      0.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104310      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7898      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5663      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13959      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2693789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1245576                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1463777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               556826                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              365643                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           193379                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1301588                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        13959                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4317605                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3304938                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 53440                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                159749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1245576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1463777                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1245576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.314489                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.314489                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.432061                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.432061                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        7652201                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1799763                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1950496                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4491                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32750.283396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           939762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          25.230542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           864.779259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.465858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   122.767129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.682222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   208.613640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.652949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    64.602270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.652207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    64.143089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.637132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    66.120611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.646144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    64.167566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.210843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   122.312690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.040866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   116.947634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.663119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    63.192806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    15.202049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   125.040818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.030354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   292.680289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.684418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   205.055116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.643973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    64.628099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    15.437839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   124.072115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.509285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   120.038100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    29.707660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   209.551256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2060.375217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2267.122863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1149.491634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1140.129186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1146.895969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1171.593901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2060.609534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2055.427013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1160.865254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2046.811142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          3446.337570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2252.997075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1146.727825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2076.414317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2100.283077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2253.622413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.026391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.006366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.001958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.003569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.001928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.008932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.006258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.006395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.062878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.069187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.035080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.034794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.035000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.035754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.062885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.062727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.035427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.062464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.105174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.068756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.034995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.063367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.064096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.068775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    46                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          534                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          414                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          527                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6629                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          669                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          230                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4494                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3901345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35682986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4727691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63684956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4358692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18949458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4090405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     18484333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4268672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19213483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4298752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     18602020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3738709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35374287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3698197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34249005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4125603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18747494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3735980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     35947926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3694787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88802803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4967935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     61823272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4126080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18877278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4102286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35778566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3923570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34723770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4698014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     63992945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       669391300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11974527                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       263689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      12238216                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3901345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35682986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4727691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63684956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4358692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18949458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4090405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     18484333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4268672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19213483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4298752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     18602020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3738709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35374287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3698197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34249005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4125603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18747494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3735980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     35947926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3694787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    100777330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4967935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62086961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4126080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18877278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4102286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35778566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3923570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34723770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4698014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     63992945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        681629516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3901345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35682986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4727691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63684956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4358692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18949458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4090405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     18484333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4268672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19213483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4298752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     18602020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3738709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35374287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3698197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34249005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4125603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18747494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3735980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     35947926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3694787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    100777330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4967935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62086961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4126080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18877278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4102286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35778566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3923570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34723770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4698014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     63992945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       681629516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                11123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               11123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.368175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.280899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.271300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.280899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.276404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.364632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.275785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.490849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.437367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.278652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.371473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.401328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.963415                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.637795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.366460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.439664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.279018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.269488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.279018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.274554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.273942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.521028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.438095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.276786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.404028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.366460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.439664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.279018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.269488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.279018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.274554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.273942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.521028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.438095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.276786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.404028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150051.730769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151199.093220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157589.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151992.735084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161433.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151595.664000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151496.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152763.082645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158098.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153707.864000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159213.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151235.934959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149548.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151820.974249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154091.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152217.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152800.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152418.650407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149439.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151041.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147791.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150513.225424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160255.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150056.485437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152817.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152236.112903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157780.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150964.413502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150906.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150972.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151548.838710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152002.244656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151686.222524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151576.291139                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131844.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151089.086420                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150051.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151199.093220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157589.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151992.735084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161433.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151595.664000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151496.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152763.082645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158098.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153707.864000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159213.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151235.934959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149548.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151820.974249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154091.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152217.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152800.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152418.650407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149439.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151041.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147791.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150638.759342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160255.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149968.504831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152817.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152236.112903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157780.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150964.413502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150906.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150972.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151548.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152002.244656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151675.459724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150051.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151199.093220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157589.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151992.735084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161433.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151595.664000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151496.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152763.082645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158098.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153707.864000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159213.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151235.934959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149548.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151820.974249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154091.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152217.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152800.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152418.650407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149439.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151041.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147791.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150638.759342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160255.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149968.504831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152817.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152236.112903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157780.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150964.413502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150906.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150972.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151548.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152002.244656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151675.459724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1328                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1328                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2389437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21938543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2983757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     39295611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2794387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11681748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2522516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11451432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2701339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11940052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2728514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11450029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2285896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21809544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2304644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21150329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2559596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11586582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2284058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22093014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2236912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     54441871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3164797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37844675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2559361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11664759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2591307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21988573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2411625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21327264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2895930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     39485053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    412563155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7372010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       147142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7519152                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2389437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21938543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2983757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     39295611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2794387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11681748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2522516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11451432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2701339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11940052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2728514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11450029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2285896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21809544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2304644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21150329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2559596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11586582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2284058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22093014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2236912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     61813881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3164797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37991817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2559361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11664759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2591307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21988573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2411625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21327264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2895930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     39485053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    420082307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2389437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21938543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2983757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     39295611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2794387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11681748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2522516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11451432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2701339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11940052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2728514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11450029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2285896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21809544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2304644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21150329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2559596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11586582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2284058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22093014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2236912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     61813881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3164797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37991817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2559361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11664759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2591307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21988573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2411625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21327264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2895930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     39485053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    420082307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.368175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.280899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.271300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.280899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.276404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.364632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.275785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.490849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.437367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.278652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.371473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.401328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.963415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.637795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.366460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.439664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.279018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.269488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.279018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.274554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.273942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.521028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.438095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.276786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.404028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.366460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.439664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.279018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.269488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.279018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.274554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.273942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.521028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.438095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.276786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.404028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91901.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92959.927966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99458.566667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93784.274463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103495.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93453.984000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93426.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94639.933884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100049.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95520.416000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101056.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93089.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91435.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93603.193133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96026.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94001.462222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94799.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94199.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91362.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92827.789916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89476.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92274.357627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 102090.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91856.007282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94791.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94070.637097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99665.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92778.789030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92754.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92727.234783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93417.096774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93788.724466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93488.138455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93316.582278                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        73571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92829.037037                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91901.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92959.927966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99458.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93784.274463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103495.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93453.984000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93426.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94639.933884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100049.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95520.416000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101056.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93089.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91435.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93603.193133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96026.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94001.462222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94799.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94199.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91362.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92827.789916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89476.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92397.430493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 102090.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91767.673913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94791.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94070.637097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99665.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92778.789030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92754.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92727.234783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93417.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93788.724466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93476.258789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91901.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92959.927966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99458.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93784.274463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103495.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93453.984000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93426.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94639.933884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100049.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95520.416000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101056.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93089.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91435.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93603.193133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96026.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94001.462222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94799.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94199.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91362.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92827.789916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89476.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92397.430493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 102090.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91767.673913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94791.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94070.637097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99665.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92778.789030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92754.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92727.234783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93417.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93788.724466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93476.258789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.464760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.619134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.728749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.736011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5146382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5146382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5146382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5146382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5146382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5146382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160824.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160824.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160824.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160824.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160824.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160824.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4518908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4518908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4518908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4518908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4518908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4518908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167366.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167366.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167366.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167366.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167366.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167366.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             190145.663333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   155.245797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   100.754203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.606429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.393571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    240727571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240727571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1503112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1503112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    242230683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242230683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    242230683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242230683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109371.908678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109371.908678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100207.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100207.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109309.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109309.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109309.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109309.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66913565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66913565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       261637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       261637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67175202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67175202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67175202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67175202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104389.336973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104389.336973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 87212.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87212.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104309.319876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104309.319876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104309.319876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104309.319876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              570.721459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              868085131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1512343.433798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.637158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.084301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         137173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        137173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7574195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7574195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7574195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7574195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7574195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7574195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       137215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       137215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 180337.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180337.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 180337.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180337.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 180337.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180337.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6009715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6009715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6009715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6009715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6009715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6009715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193861.774194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193861.774194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193861.774194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193861.774194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193861.774194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193861.774194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              332279709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             274838.468983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   106.598549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   149.401451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.416401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.583599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       351848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        351848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       191797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       543645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         543645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       543645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        543645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    409821924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    409821924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       739472                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       739472                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    410561396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    410561396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    410561396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    410561396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       355228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       355228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       191807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       547035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       547035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       547035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       547035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121249.089941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121249.089941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73947.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73947.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121109.556342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121109.556342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121109.556342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121109.556342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107096893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107096893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       203385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       203385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107300278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107300278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107300278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107300278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112733.571579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112733.571579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        67795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112592.107030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112592.107030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112592.107030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112592.107030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              474.634226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              847782365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1751616.456612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.634226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.031465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       141790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       141790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         141790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       141790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        141790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9628559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9628559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9628559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9628559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9628559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9628559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       141829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       141829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       141829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       141829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       141829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 246886.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 246886.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 246886.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 246886.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 246886.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 246886.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7752498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7752498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7752498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7752498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7752498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7752498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 267327.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267327.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 267327.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267327.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 267327.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267327.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              123769648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             175809.159091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   150.530297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   105.469703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.588009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.411991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       111296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       193133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         193133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       193133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        193133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    121417134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121417134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1518400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1518400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    122935534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    122935534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    122935534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    122935534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       112434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        81845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       194279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       194279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106693.439367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106693.439367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       189800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       189800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107273.589878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107273.589878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107273.589878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107273.589878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     44859174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44859174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       442823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       442823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     45301997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45301997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     45301997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45301997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100807.132584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100807.132584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 147607.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147607.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101120.529018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101120.529018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101120.529018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101120.529018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              474.632514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              847782368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1751616.462810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.632514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.031462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       141793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       141793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         141793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       141793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        141793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10347983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10347983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10347983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10347983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10347983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10347983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       141831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       141831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       141831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       141831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       141831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 272315.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 272315.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 272315.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 272315.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 272315.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 272315.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8048239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8048239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8048239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8048239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8048239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8048239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 277525.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277525.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 277525.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277525.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 277525.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277525.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              123769834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             175560.048227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   150.551772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   105.448228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.588093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.411907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       111394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          230                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       193293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         193293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       193293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        193293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    121264232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121264232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1682823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1682823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122947055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    122947055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122947055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    122947055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       112543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        81907                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81907                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          230                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       194450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       194450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105538.931245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105538.931245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 210352.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210352.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106263.660328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106263.660328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106263.660328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106263.660328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     44852612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44852612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       507186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       507186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     45359798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45359798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     45359798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45359798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100566.394619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100566.394619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       169062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       169062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101024.048998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101024.048998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101024.048998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101024.048998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              474.616464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              847782315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1751616.353306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.616464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.031437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         141740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        141740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9064682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9064682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9064682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9064682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9064682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9064682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       141778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       141778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       141778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       141778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       141778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 238544.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 238544.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 238544.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 238544.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 238544.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 238544.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7164643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7164643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7164643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7164643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7164643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7164643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 247056.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247056.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 247056.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247056.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 247056.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247056.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              123769305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             175808.671875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   150.467127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   105.532873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.587762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.412238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       111143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        81627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       192770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         192770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       192770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        192770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    122136931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122136931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1308495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1308495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    123445426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    123445426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    123445426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    123445426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       112282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       193917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       193917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       193917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       193917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107231.721686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107231.721686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163561.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163561.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107624.608544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107624.608544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107624.608544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107624.608544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     45205534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45205534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       472863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       472863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     45678397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45678397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     45678397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45678397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101585.469663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101585.469663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       157621                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       157621                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101960.707589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101960.707589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101960.707589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101960.707589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              474.626404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              847782376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1751616.479339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.626404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.031453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         141801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        141801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10007388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10007388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10007388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10007388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10007388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10007388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       141839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       141839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 263352.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 263352.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 263352.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 263352.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 263352.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 263352.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7913276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7913276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7913276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7913276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7913276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7913276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 272871.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 272871.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 272871.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 272871.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 272871.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 272871.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              123769436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             175808.857955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   150.522305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   105.477695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.587978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.412022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       111196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       192921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         192921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       192921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        192921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    121735105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121735105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       922659                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       922659                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    122657764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    122657764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    122657764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    122657764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       112327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       194060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       194060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107634.929266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107634.929266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115332.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115332.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107688.993854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107688.993854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107688.993854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107688.993854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     45064227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45064227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       340327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       340327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     45404554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45404554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     45404554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45404554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101267.925843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101267.925843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113442.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113442.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101349.450893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101349.450893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101349.450893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101349.450893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              542.209663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750172783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1356551.144665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.474291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.735372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.024799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.844127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         140586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        140586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5243211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5243211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5243211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5243211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5243211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5243211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       140617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       140617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169135.838710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169135.838710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169135.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169135.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169135.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169135.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4581723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4581723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4581723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4581723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4581723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4581723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176220.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176220.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176220.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176220.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176220.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176220.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              171131188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             190569.251670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   155.372119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   100.627881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.606922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.393078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       201334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       242184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         242184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       242184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        242184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    239413912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239413912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1370506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1370506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240784418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240784418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240784418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240784418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       203534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       244399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       244399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108824.505455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108824.505455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91367.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91367.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108706.283521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108706.283521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108706.283521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108706.283521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     66709258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66709258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       229731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       229731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     66938989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66938989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     66938989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66938989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104396.334898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104396.334898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        76577                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76577                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104266.338006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104266.338006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104266.338006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104266.338006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              542.039927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750172831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1359008.751812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.304165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.735762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.024526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         140634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        140634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5322971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5322971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5322971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5322971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5322971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5322971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       140666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       140666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166342.843750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166342.843750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166342.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166342.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166342.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166342.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4371531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4371531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4371531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4371531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4371531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4371531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174861.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174861.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174861.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174861.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174861.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174861.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              171131285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             191208.139665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   155.332444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   100.667556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.606767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.393233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       201615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       242284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         242284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       242284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        242284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    241428073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241428073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1968281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1968281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    243396354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    243396354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    243396354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    243396354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       203823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       244507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       244507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109342.424366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109342.424366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131218.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131218.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109490.037787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109490.037787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109490.037787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109490.037787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     66655465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66655465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       338455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       338455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     66993920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66993920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     66993920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66993920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104804.190252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104804.190252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112818.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112818.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104841.815336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104841.815336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104841.815336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104841.815336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              474.645288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              847782361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1751616.448347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.645288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.031483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       141786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       141786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         141786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       141786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        141786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9666733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9666733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9666733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9666733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9666733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9666733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       141827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       141827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       141827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       141827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       141827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 235773.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 235773.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 235773.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 235773.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 235773.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 235773.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7623141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7623141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7623141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7623141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7623141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7623141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 262866.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262866.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 262866.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262866.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 262866.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262866.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              123769637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             175559.768794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   150.574939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   105.425061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.588183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.411817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       111282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        81817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       193099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         193099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       193099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        193099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    120270818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120270818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1072827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1072827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    121343645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    121343645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    121343645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    121343645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       112421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       194246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       194246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105593.343284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105593.343284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 134103.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134103.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105792.192677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105792.192677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105792.192677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105792.192677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     44421646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44421646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       405780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     44827426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44827426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     44827426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44827426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99600.103139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99600.103139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       135260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       135260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99838.365256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99838.365256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99838.365256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99838.365256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              542.201000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750172779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1356551.137432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    15.465163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.735837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.024784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       140582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       140582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         140582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       140582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        140582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5058052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5058052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5058052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5058052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5058052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5058052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       140613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       140613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       140613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       140613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       140613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163162.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163162.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163162.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163162.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163162.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163162.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4362405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4362405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4362405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4362405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4362405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4362405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167784.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167784.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167784.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167784.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167784.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167784.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              171131364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             189934.921199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   155.575037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   100.424963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.607715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.392285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       201658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       242363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         242363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       242363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        242363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    241755285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241755285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2078047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2078047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    243833332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    243833332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    243833332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    243833332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       203874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       244594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       244594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109095.345217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109095.345217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 138536.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 138536.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109293.290901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109293.290901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109293.290901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109293.290901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67232853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67232853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       329341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67562194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67562194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67562194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67562194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104724.070093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104724.070093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109780.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109780.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104747.587597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104747.587597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104747.587597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104747.587597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              514.974502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              849095830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1645534.554264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.974502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.040023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       135382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        135382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       135382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         135382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       135382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        135382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4885202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4885202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4885202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4885202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4885202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4885202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       135415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       135415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       135415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       135415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       135415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148036.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148036.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148036.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148036.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148036.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148036.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4037191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4037191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4037191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4037191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4037191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4037191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155276.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155276.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155276.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155276.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155276.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155276.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 1284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              141325354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             91769.710390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   201.798801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    54.201199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.788277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.211723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       102571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        82879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       185450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         185450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       185450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        185450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          602                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          602                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    377452522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    377452522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107305545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    107305545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    484758067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    484758067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    484758067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    484758067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       105479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       188960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       188960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.027569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.007211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.018575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.018575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 129797.978680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129797.978680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 178248.413621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178248.413621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 138107.711396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138107.711396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 138107.711396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138107.711396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    136830921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136830921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12962839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12962839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149793760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149793760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149793760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149793760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000982                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000982                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113836.040765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113836.040765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158083.402439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158083.402439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116661.806854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116661.806854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116661.806854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116661.806854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              571.723761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              868085168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1509713.335652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.639290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.084470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.049101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         137210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        137210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8042571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8042571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8042571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8042571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8042571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8042571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       137254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       137254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 182785.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182785.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 182785.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182785.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 182785.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182785.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6234320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6234320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6234320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6234320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6234320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6234320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 194822.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194822.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 194822.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194822.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 194822.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194822.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  945                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              332279500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             276669.025812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   106.661608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   149.338392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.416647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.583353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       351637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        351637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       191822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       543459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         543459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       543459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        543459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    405421680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    405421680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1243020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1243020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    406664700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406664700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    406664700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    406664700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       354974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       354974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       191832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       546806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       546806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       546806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       546806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121492.861852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121492.861852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       124302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       124302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121501.254855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121501.254855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121501.254855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121501.254855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106943695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106943695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       356280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       356280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    107299975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107299975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    107299975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107299975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113528.338641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113528.338641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       118760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       118760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113544.947090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113544.947090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113544.947090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113544.947090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              474.623857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              847782295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1751616.311983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.623857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.031448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       141720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       141720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         141720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       141720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        141720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9999426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9999426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9999426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9999426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9999426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9999426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       141758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       141758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       141758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       141758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       141758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 263142.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 263142.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 263142.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 263142.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 263142.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 263142.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7915347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7915347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7915347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7915347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7915347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7915347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       272943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       272943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       272943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       272943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       272943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       272943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              123769320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             175808.693182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   150.502578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   105.497422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.587901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.412099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       111080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        81725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       192805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         192805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       192805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        192805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    121700088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121700088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1175554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1175554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    122875642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    122875642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    122875642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    122875642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       112199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       193932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       193932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       193932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       193932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108757.898123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108757.898123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 146944.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146944.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109028.963620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109028.963620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109028.963620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109028.963620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     45447550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45447550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       424677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       424677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     45872227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45872227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     45872227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45872227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102129.325843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102129.325843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       141559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       141559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102393.363839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102393.363839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102393.363839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102393.363839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              542.436659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750172790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1354102.509025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    15.698697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.737962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.025158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.844131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         140593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        140593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5504038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5504038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5504038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5504038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5504038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5504038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       140625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       140625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172001.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172001.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172001.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172001.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172001.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172001.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4802926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4802926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4802926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4802926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4802926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4802926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177886.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177886.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177886.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177886.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177886.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177886.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              171131113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             190781.619844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   154.698804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   101.301196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.604292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.395708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       201461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       242112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         242112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       242112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        242112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    239980153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239980153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1345609                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1345609                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    241325762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241325762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    241325762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241325762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       203654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       244320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       244320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109430.074327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109430.074327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89707.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89707.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109296.087862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109296.087862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109296.087862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109296.087862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     66609935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66609935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       241345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       241345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     66851280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66851280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     66851280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66851280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104404.286834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104404.286834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 80448.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80448.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104292.168487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104292.168487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104292.168487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104292.168487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              542.508291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750172898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1354102.703971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.770301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.737990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.025273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.844131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         140701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        140701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5350418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5350418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5350418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5350418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5350418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5350418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       140733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       140733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167200.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167200.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167200.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167200.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167200.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167200.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4600289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4600289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4600289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4600289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4600289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4600289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170381.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170381.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170381.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170381.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170381.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170381.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              171131133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             191207.969832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   155.287941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   100.712059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.606594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.393406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       201518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         242129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        242129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    239626516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239626516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1344477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1344477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    240970993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240970993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    240970993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240970993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       203722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       244348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       244348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108723.464610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108723.464610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 89631.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89631.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108594.408743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108594.408743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108594.408743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108594.408743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     65880004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65880004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       234832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       234832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66114836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66114836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66114836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66114836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103584.911950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103584.911950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 78277.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78277.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103466.097027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103466.097027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103466.097027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103466.097027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              571.747092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              868085173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1509713.344348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.662996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.084096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       137215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       137215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         137215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       137215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        137215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7374602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7374602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7374602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7374602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7374602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7374602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       137258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       137258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       137258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       137258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       137258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171502.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171502.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171502.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171502.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171502.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171502.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5628416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5628416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5628416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5628416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5628416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5628416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       175888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       175888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       175888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       175888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       175888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       175888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  948                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              332277429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             275977.931063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   106.664397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   149.335603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.416658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.583342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       350407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        350407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       190977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       541384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         541384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       541384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        541384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    408978834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    408978834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       945576                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       945576                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    409924410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    409924410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    409924410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    409924410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       353737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       353737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       190987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       544724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       544724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       544724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       544724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122816.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122816.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94557.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94557.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122731.859281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122731.859281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122731.859281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122731.859281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    107090947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107090947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       267820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       267820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    107358767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107358767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    107358767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107358767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113323.753439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113323.753439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89273.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89273.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113247.644515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113247.644515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113247.644515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113247.644515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
