
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010689                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10688632821                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               535516226358                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 400867                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   507591                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 266800                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67606032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40062.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16059659187                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20335276018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       389248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       387712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       257024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       150784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       267904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       149248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       255616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       251008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       180224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       388480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       146816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       382464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       248064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       380160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       176128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4329856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1395328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1395328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10901                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10901                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       407162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     36417005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       419137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36273301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       431112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24046480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       419137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     23172281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       419137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14106949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       359260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     25064384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       383211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13963245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       431112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23914752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       407162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23483640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       431112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     16861277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       407162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     36345153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       443088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13735714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       431112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     35782313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       419137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23208207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       407162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     35566756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       455063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16478066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               405089788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       407162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       419137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       431112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       419137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       419137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       359260                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       383211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       431112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       407162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       431112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       407162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       443088                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       431112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       419137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       407162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       455063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6670264                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         130543169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              130543169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         130543169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       407162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     36417005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       419137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36273301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       431112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24046480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       419137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     23172281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       419137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14106949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       359260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     25064384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       383211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13963245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       431112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23914752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       407162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23483640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       431112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     16861277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       407162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     36345153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       443088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13735714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       431112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     35782313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       419137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23208207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       407162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     35566756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       455063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16478066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              535632957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2079502                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700761                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852969                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817539                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213340                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20177895                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11805281                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2079502                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1030879                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2472110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        597980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       355191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242659                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206471                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23393558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20921448     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133543      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         211345      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336480      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139855      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155041      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166514      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         109356      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1219976      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23393558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460564                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19992632                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       542365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2464113                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       388081                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14412593                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1645                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       388081                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20023664                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        173825                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       278908                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439999                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89076                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14403628                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24778                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        33696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4137                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19995465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67000911                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67000911                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023992                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2971458                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3683                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2035                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          269488                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373884                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737702                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22144                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       169221                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14383397                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13596666                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17336                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1856995                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4149703                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          374                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23393558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17663534     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298636      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1255259      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859611      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803260      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229704      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180281      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60751      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42522      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23393558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3214     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9892     38.69%     51.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12464     48.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11389016     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215204      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257694      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733106      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13596666                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530452                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25570                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50629795                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16244237                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13375269                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13622236                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250326                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23486                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       388081                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        118715                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12109                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14387110                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373884                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737702                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2035                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119095                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117571                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236666                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13401593                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915018                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1884419                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732757                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522842                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13375481                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13375269                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7818877                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20430351                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521815                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382709                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2129953                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3318                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209224                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23005477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18026699     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412287     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939651      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505225      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377899      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211048      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130966      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116321      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285381      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23005477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123558                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       285381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37107175                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29162413                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                327616                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2238656                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.563221                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.563221                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390134                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390134                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60432106                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18541883                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13442779                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2077793                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205598                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816855                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213300                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9115                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20181840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11798426                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2077793                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1030155                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2470221                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        598893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       353505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1243120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206994                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23394379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20924158     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         133564      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         211054      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         336613      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         139157      0.59%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         154445      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         166662      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         109243      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1219483      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23394379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081062                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460297                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19995006                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       542161                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2462293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       388537                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       340347                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14403431                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       388537                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20026716                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        173903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       277705                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2437487                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        90026                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14394093                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        24797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        34119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4261                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19984443                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     66958424                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     66958424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17015252                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2969182                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3656                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          272636                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372122                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       736499                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22210                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       169109                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14373602                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3667                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13589148                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17011                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1853757                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4136732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          349                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23394379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17665741     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2300243      9.83%     85.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1254076      5.36%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858956      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802705      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228754      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180497      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60943      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42464      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23394379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3238     12.73%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9791     38.49%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12411     48.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11383923     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215054      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1645      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256190      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732336      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13589148                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530159                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50615126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16231182                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13367463                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13614588                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40147                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249130                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22645                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          859                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       388537                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        117850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14377296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372122                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736499                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2010                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119407                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       236903                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13393231                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1180675                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1912717                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1883000                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           732042                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522516                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13367690                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13367463                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7815054                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20421618                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521510                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382685                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9994918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12250907                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2126400                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3318                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       209692                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23005841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18030041     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2410834     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938678      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505028      2.20%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377886      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211157      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130518      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116396      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285303      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23005841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9994918                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12250907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1836843                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1122989                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1758707                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11038815                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       248870                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       285303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37097780                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29143207                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                328098                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2237835                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9994918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12250907                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9994918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.564525                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.564525                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.389936                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.389936                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       60396038                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18531103                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13434308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2085921                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711047                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206432                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       862043                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815312                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213155                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9165                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19932120                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11854754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2085921                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1028467                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2607629                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        584154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       632287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1229322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204870                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23546531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20938902     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         280572      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         327941      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         180025      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         209157      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         113633      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          77350      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         201421      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1217530      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23546531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462494                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19771728                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       796225                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2586502                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       372329                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       337746                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2160                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14468429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        11186                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       372329                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19802571                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        264299                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       445014                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2576593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        85723                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14458551                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        22191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        40175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     20097263                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67323655                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67323655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17149979                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2947270                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3771                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          233169                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380400                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       751353                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20087                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       165962                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14434399                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3778                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13635616                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17874                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1807901                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4187543                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          412                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23546531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17796932     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2315580      9.83%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1242598      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859425      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       750656      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383935      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92361      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60252      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44792      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23546531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3449     11.80%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12537     42.90%     54.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13235     45.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11415422     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213190      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259745      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745589      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13635616                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531972                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29221                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002143                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50864856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16246218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13410313                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13664837                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34736                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       243831                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15943                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       372329                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        215480                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14438197                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380400                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       751353                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2097                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9823                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119218                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116161                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       235379                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13434173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183746                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1929062                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1880274                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           745316                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.524113                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13410614                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13410313                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7973525                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20882289                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523182                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381832                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10071449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12356704                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2081665                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       207409                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23174202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18125544     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2341963     10.11%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980737      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588453      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       409039      1.77%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263941      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137161      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109831      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217533      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23174202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10071449                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12356704                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1871972                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1136562                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1768520                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11140083                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       251449                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       217533                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37394973                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29249101                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                307008                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2085683                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10071449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12356704                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10071449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.545037                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.545037                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392922                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392922                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60605461                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18615030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13505078                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2086204                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711048                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       860950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213335                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9170                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19950212                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11858361                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2086204                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1028103                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2608232                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        585125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       626796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1230381                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205114                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23560430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20952198     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         281223      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         327729      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         179621      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         208401      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         113995      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          77428      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         201414      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1218421      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23560430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081390                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462635                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19789395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       791159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2587039                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19807                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       373028                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       337972                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2156                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14473716                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        11182                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       373028                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19820314                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        255661                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       448546                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2577185                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        85694                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14464232                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        21781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        40375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20104653                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67350767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67350767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17159058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2945558                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3784                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          232248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381808                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       751961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19681                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       165578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14440971                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3792                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13644052                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17831                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1805685                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4183230                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          421                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23560430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17808599     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2315431      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1242754      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860826      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       751003      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       384302      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92284      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60439      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44792      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23560430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3395     11.57%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12606     42.97%     54.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13335     45.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11422285     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213305      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1671      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1260806      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745985      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13644052                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.532301                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29336                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50895695                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16250595                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13417785                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13673388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34317                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          151                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          836                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       373028                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        207443                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13721                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14444790                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381808                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       751961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9642                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          151                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119434                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       235644                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13442111                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1184814                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1930558                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1881289                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           745744                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524423                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13418071                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13417785                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7977059                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20891152                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523474                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10076868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12363255                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2081676                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3371                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       207686                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23187402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18136062     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2343335     10.11%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       981014      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588588      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       409479      1.77%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       264133      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137275      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110231      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217285      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23187402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10076868                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12363255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1873002                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1137180                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1769409                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11146026                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       251577                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       217285                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37414983                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29262939                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                307397                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2071784                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10076868                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12363255                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10076868                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.543669                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.543669                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393133                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393133                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60640652                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18624994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13509590                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2323541                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1934659                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213172                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       879182                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847124                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249439                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9837                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20209360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12745048                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2323541                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1096563                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2654966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        594526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       651373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1256788                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203757                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23895102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21240136     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         162377      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         204253      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         326232      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         137113      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         175977      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         205258      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          94379      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1349377      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23895102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497228                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20090072                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       782301                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2642339                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       379120                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       353382                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15578679                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       379120                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20110870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         64920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       660276                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2622809                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        57099                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15482437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21621456                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     71991480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     71991480                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     18056671                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3564785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3735                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1944                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          200644                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1452064                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       757392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8468                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       169837                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15114098                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3749                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14488991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15563                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1855286                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3791026                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23895102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17758715     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797135     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143491      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641984      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       869305      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268793      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263211      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141273      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11195      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23895102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100346     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13730     10.81%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12967     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12206161     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197843      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328326      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754870      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14488991                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565265                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            127043                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008768                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53015690                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16973236                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14109252                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14616034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278405                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          105                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11483                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       379120                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         49510                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6167                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15117853                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1452064                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1944                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5368                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          105                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120384                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       246114                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14234961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305799                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2060545                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2012205                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           754746                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.555354                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14109343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14109252                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8452021                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22711255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.550450                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372151                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10504990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12944641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2173262                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       214772                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23515982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18037416     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2776549     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008539      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501399      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459371      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193123      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       191048      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90866      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257671      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23515982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10504990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12944641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1919568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1173659                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1876167                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11654528                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       267323                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       257671                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           38376136                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30614938                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                308900                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1737112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10504990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12944641                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10504990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.440004                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.440004                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.409835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.409835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       64047709                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19715787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14405656                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1938139                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1735305                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1280385                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112942                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4602                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20571431                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11017871                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1938139                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1393327                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2456568                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        515638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       301535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1246214                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152977                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23688120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21231552     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         378483      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         185749      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         375260      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         115997      0.49%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         348723      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          53789      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          85960      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         912607      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23688120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075613                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.429845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20374372                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       503658                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2451580                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1928                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       356578                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       178011                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1984                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12286201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4738                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       356578                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20397118                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        298643                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       134902                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2429227                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        71648                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12267097                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        55177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16033020                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55538502                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55538502                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12942513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3090481                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          816                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          165290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2252493                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       350269                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        78890                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12203457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1609                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11408140                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7636                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2248327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4625088                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23688120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18687033     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554954      6.56%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1696821      7.16%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974518      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498504      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124945      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145023      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3465      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2857      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23688120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18706     57.05%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7774     23.71%     80.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6308     19.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8920837     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87029      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2052722     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346763      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11408140                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.445070                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32788                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46544824                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14453435                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11114714                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11440928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8651                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469297                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9176                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       356578                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        214725                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8790                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12205081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2252493                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350269                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          815                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4084                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          229                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105402                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59962                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       165364                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11266058                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2023976                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2370682                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1715298                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           346706                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.439527                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11117691                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11114714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6732157                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14520542                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.433623                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463630                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8854919                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9939098                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2266468                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       155065                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23331542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19645612     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1437222      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932811      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293159      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492614      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93772      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59697      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53961      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322694      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23331542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8854919                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9939098                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2124286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1783193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1527532                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8677192                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       121465                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       322694                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35214375                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24768020                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                465624                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1944094                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8854919                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9939098                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8854919                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.894686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.894686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.345461                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.345461                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52421167                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14446179                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13103662                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2323836                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1935432                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       879620                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847538                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249404                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9848                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20209695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12746173                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2323836                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1096942                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2655075                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        594641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       650858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1256948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203887                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23895120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21240045     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         162139      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         204426      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         327053      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         136818      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         175734      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         205160      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          94253      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1349492      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23895120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090661                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.497272                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20090774                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       781357                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2642470                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1308                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       379210                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       352891                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15578950                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       379210                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20111495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         65093                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       659157                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2623024                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        57133                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15483596                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        39685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21625149                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71996530                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71996530                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     18057458                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3567673                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3732                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          200737                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1450929                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       757110                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8506                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       171229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15114477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14488114                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15250                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1857190                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3792150                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          133                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23895120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17757693     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2799211     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143012      4.78%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641840      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868796      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268676      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263672      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140997      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11223      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23895120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100416     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13592     10.71%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12945     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12206252     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197823      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327573      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754675      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14488114                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565231                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126953                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008763                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53013550                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16975514                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14109080                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14615067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10958                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          105                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11177                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       379210                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         49792                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15118228                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1450929                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757110                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1941                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          105                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126109                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       246210                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14234577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305731                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2060294                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2011942                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           754563                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555339                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14109178                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14109080                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8452241                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22711210                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.550443                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372162                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10505452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12945201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2173070                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       214798                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23515910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18036492     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2777052     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008657      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501666      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459469      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193132      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       191105      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91025      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257312      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23515910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10505452                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12945201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1919636                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1173703                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1876256                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11655021                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       267332                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       257312                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           38376791                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          30615772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                308952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1737094                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10505452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12945201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10505452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.439896                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.439896                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.409853                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.409853                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       64047948                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19715872                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14406744                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2085730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1710299                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206369                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       860893                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813945                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9201                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19936604                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11858743                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2085730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1027663                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2607496                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        584392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       643147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1229642                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204857                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23562021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20954525     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         280972      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         326196      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         179839      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         208802      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         113811      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          77581      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         202063      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1218232      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23562021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081371                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462650                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19775699                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       807518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2586498                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19682                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       372622                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       338331                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2147                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14476050                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11181                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       372622                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19806388                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        253056                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       468218                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2576695                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        85040                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14466441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        40211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20104105                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67362682                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67362682                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17157602                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2946460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2077                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          231615                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       752232                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19999                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       166061                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14443307                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3757                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13646341                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18562                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1808679                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4189224                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          387                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23562021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17811863     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2312894      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1242977      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859242      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       752848      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       384713      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92300      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60462      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44722      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23562021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3394     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12799     43.41%     54.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13289     45.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11423556     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213253      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1671      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1261432      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       746429      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13646341                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.532390                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29482                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50902746                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16255884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13419755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13675823                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34575                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           90                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16459                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          836                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       372622                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        205779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13714                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14447088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752232                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2074                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9721                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       235338                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13444535                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1185059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201805                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1931204                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1881229                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           746145                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524517                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13420054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13419755                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7977144                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20897362                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523550                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381730                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10076055                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12362257                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2084967                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       207384                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23189399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18139114     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2342462     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980787      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588945      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408921      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       264315      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137329      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110055      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217471      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23189399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10076055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12362257                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1872859                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1137086                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1769255                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11145143                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       251561                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       217471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37419087                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29267109                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                307005                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2070193                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10076055                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12362257                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10076055                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.543874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.543874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393101                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393101                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60650999                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18626148                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13510205                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2087481                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711311                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206316                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       862565                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213443                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9157                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19936188                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11865838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2087481                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1027795                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2608740                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        585554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       628983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1229604                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204790                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23549933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20941193     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         281460      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         325919      1.38%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         179572      0.76%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         208799      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         114356      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          77531      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         201746      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1219357      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23549933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081440                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462927                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19775898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       792721                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2587918                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19524                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       373870                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       339118                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14484438                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        11185                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       373870                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19806559                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        266596                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       439955                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2577991                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        84960                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14475128                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        21504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        40039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     20116557                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     67400177                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     67400177                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17153764                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2962793                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3726                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2053                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          231067                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383859                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       752476                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20013                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       165872                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14451043                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3732                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13648895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18898                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1818699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4217778                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          366                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23549933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17798583     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2313211      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1243160      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860708      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       751648      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       385234      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92136      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60362      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44891      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23549933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3416     11.58%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12818     43.47%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13256     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11424886     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213312      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1262280      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       746747      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13648895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.532490                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29490                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50896111                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16273612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13421280                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13678385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34175                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247045                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16912                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       373870                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        218077                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13782                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14454799                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383859                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752476                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2051                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9700                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118576                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116588                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       235164                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13446348                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1184963                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1931492                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1882141                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           746529                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.524588                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13421596                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13421280                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7977102                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20896211                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523610                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381749                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10073634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12359423                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2095539                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       207300                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23176063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18126482     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2342400     10.11%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       981030      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588356      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408977      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263905      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137394      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110054      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217465      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23176063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10073634                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12359423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1872378                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1136814                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1768900                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11142542                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       251508                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       217465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37413495                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29283814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                307154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2082281                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10073634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12359423                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10073634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.544485                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.544485                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60654165                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18628806                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13517339                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2114789                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1729934                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       889921                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830810                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218654                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20390712                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11820116                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2114789                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1049464                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2466981                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        568135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       457092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1248742                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       208898                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23671374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21204393     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         114300      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         182119      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         247767      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         253566      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         216041      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         120984      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         180011      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1152193      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23671374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082505                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20185144                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       664641                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2462521                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2738                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       356327                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       348286                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14506641                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1528                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       356327                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20240231                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        137830                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       400860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2410906                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       125217                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14501549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        16605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        54803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     20238529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     67455284                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     67455284                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17548635                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2689883                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1862                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          378194                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1359630                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       735180                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8529                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       214549                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14484172                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3601                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13762847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2029                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1592891                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3797460                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23671374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17816732     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2433128     10.28%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225009      5.18%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       901846      3.81%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       712653      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       290127      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183140      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95836      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12903      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23671374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2477     10.77%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8421     36.62%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12100     52.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11576570     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204731      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1725      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1247228      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732593      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13762847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.536936                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22998                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51222095                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16080718                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13553174                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13785845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27842                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219766                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           56                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10045                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       356327                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        110281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12131                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14487794                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          923                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1359630                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       735180                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1863                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10241                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           56                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121133                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117267                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       238400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13570071                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1173020                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1905542                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1928559                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           732522                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529415                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13553315                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13553174                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7779421                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20968626                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.528755                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371003                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10229586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12587395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1900404                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3479                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       211245                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23315047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.384073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18124713     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2585621     11.09%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       964680      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459919      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405343      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223168      0.96%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       184569      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88241      0.38%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       278793      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23315047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10229586                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12587395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1864998                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1139863                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1736                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1815066                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11341201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       259258                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       278793                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37523988                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29331949                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                310628                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1960840                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10229586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12587395                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10229586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.505694                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.505694                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.399091                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.399091                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       61074336                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18881492                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13445454                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3476                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1999650                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1803699                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106678                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       771385                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         713198                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109845                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4655                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21179488                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12580234                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1999650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       823043                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2488035                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        335675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       467999                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1217623                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107046                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     24361882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21873847     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          89218      0.37%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         182217      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          75742      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         412845      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         368154      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          71104      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         148001      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1140754      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     24361882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.078013                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.490798                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21063411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       585680                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2478845                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7831                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       226112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       176004                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14752187                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1525                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       226112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21084552                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        409873                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       109950                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2466854                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        64538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14743621                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        27650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        23504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          321                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17314755                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     69439389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     69439389                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15328838                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1985907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1721                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          876                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          165375                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3477687                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1757702                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16347                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        83880                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14712459                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14135313                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7647                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1152910                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2774680                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24361882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19343424     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498860      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1235629      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532118      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676328      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       656056      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371527      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29433      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18507      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24361882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35865     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       279230     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8084      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8868323     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123466      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          845      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3389312     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1753367     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14135313                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.551467                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            323179                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52963334                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15867487                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14013434                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14458492                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25663                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          393                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11688                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1249                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       226112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        373573                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17974                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14714206                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3477687                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1757702                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          876                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12164                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          393                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61049                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63545                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       124594                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14035985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3377808                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5130983                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1838758                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1753175                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.547592                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14014017                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14013434                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7569585                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14912725                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.546712                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507592                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11377914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13370475                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1344939                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1707                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       108788                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24135770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19289547     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1766571      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829595      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       820637      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       223269      0.93%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954988      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71364      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51789      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128010      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24135770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11377914                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13370475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5085665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3339651                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               852                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1765326                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11889663                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       129395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       128010                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           38723135                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29656982                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                466317                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1270332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11377914                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13370475                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11377914                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.252804                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.252804                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443891                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443891                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       69385422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16274168                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17560001                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1704                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2324986                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1935862                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213192                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880926                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847340                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         250017                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9880                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20211580                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12754834                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2324986                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1097357                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2656846                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        595144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       656829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1257325                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23905263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21248417     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         162465      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         203139      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         326803      1.37%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         137380      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         176782      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         205813      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          94584      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1349880      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23905263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090706                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.497610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20092659                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       787329                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2644226                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       379726                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       353591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15592787                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1625                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       379726                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20113492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         64448                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       665488                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2624688                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        57413                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15496647                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        40014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     21639425                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     72058893                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     72058893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     18065724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3573687                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3731                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          202030                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1454036                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       758013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8534                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       170713                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15126166                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14500799                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1860529                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3799689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23905263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17765245     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797918     11.70%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1144361      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641772      2.68%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       871127      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268564      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263571      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141551      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11154      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23905263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99992     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13780     10.87%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12965     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12215329     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198031      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1792      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1330155      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       755492      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14500799                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565726                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126737                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53048961                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16990541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14119259                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14627536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10933                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          102                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11731                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       379726                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         49274                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6128                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15129915                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1454036                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       758013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1939                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5294                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          102                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125366                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120582                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       245948                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14245875                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1307327                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2062704                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2013326                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           755377                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14119356                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14119259                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8459687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22731935                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550840                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372150                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10510272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12951094                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2178878                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3616                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       214788                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23525537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18044209     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2778080     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008664      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501776      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459720      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193337      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       191215      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90785      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257751      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23525537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10510272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12951094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1920514                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1174232                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1804                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1877074                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11660359                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       267453                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       257751                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38397680                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          30639686                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                308830                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1726951                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10510272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12951094                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10510272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.438777                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.438777                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410042                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410042                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       64096295                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      19728593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14416578                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3612                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2081592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702797                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205468                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857144                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818693                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9078                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20187234                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11815981                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2081592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1032023                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2474323                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        598723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       353064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1243498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23403408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20929085     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         134293      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         211526      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         336338      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         139741      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         155398      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         167126      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         108542      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1221359      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23403408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081210                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460982                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20000831                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       541402                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2466255                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6410                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       388507                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       340579                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14423597                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       388507                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20032790                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        174578                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       275982                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2441268                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        90278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14413635                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        24874                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        34059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4593                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     20009274                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67047626                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67047626                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17038091                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2971174                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3699                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2049                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          272775                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373850                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       737729                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       169305                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14392152                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3708                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13604587                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17078                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1858407                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4147011                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          384                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23403408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17668189     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2301919      9.84%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257625      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858777      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803198      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229646      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180610      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61147      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42297      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23403408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3188     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9794     38.55%     51.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12425     48.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11396909     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215259      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1648      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257365      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733406      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13604587                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530761                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25407                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50655067                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16254420                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13383262                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13629994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40343                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249326                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22888                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          878                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       388507                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        118317                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14395876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373850                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737729                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2047                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9065                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117635                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       237070                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13409419                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182602                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1915657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1885675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           733055                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523147                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13383506                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13383262                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7826349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20448932                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522127                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382727                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10008363                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12267424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2128496                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3324                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       209546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23014901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18033100     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412967     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939741      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       506465      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378268      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211529      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130604      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116577      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285650      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23014901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10008363                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12267424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1839361                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1124520                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1761090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11053698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       249209                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       285650                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37125106                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29180388                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                328142                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2228806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10008363                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12267424                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10008363                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.561080                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.561080                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390460                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390460                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60469020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18553115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13454110                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2086660                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711732                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       861751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213025                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9158                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19936093                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11854184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2086660                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1028066                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2606272                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        586371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       637264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1229810                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205432                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23555635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20949363     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         280544      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         326970      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         179645      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         208490      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         114011      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          78247      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         201617      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1216748      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23555635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081408                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462472                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19775974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       800984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2584897                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       373848                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       337874                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2152                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14464672                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11160                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       373848                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19806961                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        282070                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       431660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2575020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        86074                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14455081                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        22023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        40367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     20090420                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67301174                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67301174                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17135652                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2954761                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3706                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2036                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          234060                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1379829                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       750847                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19839                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       165803                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14430789                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3715                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13631180                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18198                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1809884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4191350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          349                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23555635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17808390     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2314500      9.83%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1241589      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859687      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       750294      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383715      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92265      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60460      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44735      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23555635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3458     11.83%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12540     42.91%     54.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13223     45.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11412614     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212982      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1669      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1258916      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       744999      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13631180                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531799                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29221                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50865414                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16244532                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13404578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13660401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244210                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           76                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          147                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16029                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          835                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       373848                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        233906                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14434529                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1379829                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       750847                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2034                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          147                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119784                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116430                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       236214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13428661                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182839                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1927613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1879726                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           744774                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523898                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13404919                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13404578                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7968466                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20868353                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522958                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10063113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12346382                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2088450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       208121                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23181787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18136455     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2340788     10.10%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980072      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       587545      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       409023      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       264131      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137101      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109914      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216758      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23181787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10063113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12346382                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1870432                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1135618                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1766980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11130836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       251239                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       216758                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37399796                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29243541                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                307230                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2076579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10063113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12346382                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10063113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.547146                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.547146                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392596                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392596                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60577741                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18606774                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13503149                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2082336                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702782                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204498                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854543                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         819254                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213591                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20194051                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11819389                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2082336                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1032845                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2474643                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        595760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       359528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1243031                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205958                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23415011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20940368     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         133698      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         210857      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         336597      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         140383      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         155718      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         167110      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         109473      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1220807      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23415011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081239                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20008421                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       546979                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2466732                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       386513                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       341358                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14429140                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1610                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       386513                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20039223                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        173323                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       284416                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2442892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        88639                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14420132                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        24952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4105                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20016814                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     67076058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     67076058                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17058761                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2958053                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2031                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          268127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1374360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       739112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       169258                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14400330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3694                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13617074                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17558                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1849254                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4129293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          367                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23415011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17675258     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302711      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258308      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860589      3.68%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       804183      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       230311      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180343      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60829      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42479      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23415011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3219     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9918     38.75%     51.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12458     48.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11406181     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215618      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1650      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259082      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       734543      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13617074                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.531248                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25595                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50692312                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16253428                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13396700                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13642669                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40898                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23400                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          876                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       386513                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        118093                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14404051                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          682                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1374360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2032                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118833                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117142                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       235975                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13422905                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183962                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1918138                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1887776                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           734176                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523673                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13396924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13396700                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7832146                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20463653                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522651                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382735                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10020502                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12282304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2121791                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3327                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       208586                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23028498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18040534     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2416288     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       941050      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       506601      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378820      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211571      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130699      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116696      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286239      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23028498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10020502                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12282304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1841597                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1125885                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1660                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1763223                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11067108                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       249511                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       286239                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37146289                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29194736                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                327461                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2217203                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10020502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12282304                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10020502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.557977                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.557977                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60527866                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18570419                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13459637                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25632214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2115255                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1731407                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       209101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       892132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831635                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218440                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9491                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20393498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11821170                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2115255                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1050075                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2468571                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        569902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       458259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1249105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       209101                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23678449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21209878     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         115210      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         183684      0.78%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         246916      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         253806      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         216002      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         120514      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         179207      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1153232      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23678449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082523                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461184                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20188217                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       665587                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2463991                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       357860                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       347280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14508492                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1528                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       357860                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20243719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        137755                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       401860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2411995                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       125257                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14502759                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        16554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        54859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     20241106                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     67464253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     67464253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17543154                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2697925                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3617                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1890                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          378652                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1361057                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       734621                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8432                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       207363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14484244                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3628                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13756972                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2050                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1600811                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3826791                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          154                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23678449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17829292     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2428442     10.26%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1223647      5.17%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902607      3.81%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       712533      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289927      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183145      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        96070      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12786      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23678449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     10.95%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8428     36.52%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12123     52.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11570808     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204733      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1724      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1247691      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732016      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13756972                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536706                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23078                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001678                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51217521                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16088732                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13547219                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13780050                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27330                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       221553                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       357860                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        110400                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12020                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14487894                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3878                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1361057                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734621                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1893                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10148                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121679                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       238759                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13564603                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1173370                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1905317                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1927065                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           731947                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13547355                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13547219                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7778419                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20963125                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528523                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371052                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10226343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12583483                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1904425                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3474                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       211484                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23320589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.384172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18134922     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2581437     11.07%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       964732      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       460341      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       402812      1.73%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223542      0.96%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       185764      0.80%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88295      0.38%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       278744      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23320589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10226343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12583483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1864405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1139504                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1814523                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11337656                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       259182                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       278744                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37529688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29333701                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                310648                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1953765                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10226343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12583483                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10226343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.506489                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.506489                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       61052697                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18874829                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13445859                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          33842                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.448213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1425534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          66600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.404414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           310.406253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.998125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1180.654166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.223275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1163.786638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.172597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   830.310742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.977775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   794.385314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.940663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   503.400340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.527181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   901.932243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.885472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   496.919843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.606363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   821.866192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.198379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   814.817955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.051430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   596.973618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.629054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1282.487943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.580247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   493.948119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.008745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1153.170720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.099312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   790.750179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.747431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1143.393461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.697815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   587.494299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1330.499663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1329.780963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1177.902952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1257.157434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           776.048925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1312.485845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           792.312735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1180.726519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1237.631382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           977.672350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1483.283936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           784.460892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1317.806123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1238.503706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1340.215652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1002.917246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.036031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.035516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.025339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.024243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.015363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.027525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.015165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.025081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.018218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.039138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.015074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.035192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.024132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.034894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.017929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.040604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.040582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.035947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.038365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.023683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.040054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.024179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.036033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.037770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.029836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.045266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.023940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.040216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.037796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.040900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.030607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   56798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            20159                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 20159                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   230                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    57028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2575                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3612                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2653                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   57028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 33817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  33827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1178                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2093                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1408                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1938                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2970                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1376                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 33827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5055773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    459334432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5341189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    458944946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5381077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    301972193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5398840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    291475137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5217841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178201417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4369722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    315233662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4824041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174879681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5596214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    299435542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5136315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    295835852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5292853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    212176296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5093485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    460433994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5671929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    173382755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5599779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    450638816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5315523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    291575151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5323330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    448318090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5641642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    207315584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5103413101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       296903                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       303748                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       285973                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       262857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       311430                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1460911                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5055773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    459334432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5341189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    458944946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5381077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    302269096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5398840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    291778885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5217841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178201417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4369722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    315233662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4824041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174879681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5596214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    299721515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5136315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    296098709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5292853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    212176296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5093485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    460433994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5671929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    173382755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5599779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    450638816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5315523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    291886581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5323330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    448318090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5641642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    207315584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5104874012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5055773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    459334432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5341189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    458944946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5381077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    302269096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5398840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    291778885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5217841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178201417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4369722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    315233662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4824041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174879681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5596214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    299721515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5136315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    296098709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5292853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    212176296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5093485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    460433994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5671929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    173382755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5599779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    450638816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5315523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    291886581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5323330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    448318090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5641642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    207315584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5104874012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               90615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20159                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             20159                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                90855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               90855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.414305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.413064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.307177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.405184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.342800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.373194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.041667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.413460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.412221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.311681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.305948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.406974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.404357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.372319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.413460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.412221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.311681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.305948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.406974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.404357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.372319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148699.205882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151047.166064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152605.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151516.984483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149474.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150534.493021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154252.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       150789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149081.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151274.547538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145657.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150613.311992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150751.281250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149982.573756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155450.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150093.003509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151068.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151013.706993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147023.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150693.392045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149808.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151708.070511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153295.378378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151161.948561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155549.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150816.203481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151872.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150606.999483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156568.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150948.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148464.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150665.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150912.650472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148451.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       151874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142986.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 131428.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       155715                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146091.100000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148699.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151047.166064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152605.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151516.984483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149474.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150532.418327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154252.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150790.121447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149081.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151274.547538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145657.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150613.311992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150751.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149982.573756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155450.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150085.886329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151068.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150993.732279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147023.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150693.392045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149808.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151708.070511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153295.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151161.948561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155549.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150816.203481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151872.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150612.270898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156568.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150948.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148464.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150665.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150911.225116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148699.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151047.166064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152605.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151516.984483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149474.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150532.418327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154252.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150790.121447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149081.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151274.547538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145657.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150613.311992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150751.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149982.573756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155450.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150085.886329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151068.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150993.732279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147023.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150693.392045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149808.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151708.070511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153295.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151161.948561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155549.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150816.203481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151872.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150612.270898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156568.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150948.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148464.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150665.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150911.225116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10901                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10901                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            33817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             33827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            33827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3078201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    282285398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3304609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    282581154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3289203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185140762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3360618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    178921807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3184897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    109620275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2622221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    193329221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2962656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    106990153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3504725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    183242396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3161602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    181743863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3199464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    130179912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3112420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    283736017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3522347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106576649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3506511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    276653740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3278545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    178812715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3347980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    275385992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3427025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    127200834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134263912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       180226                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       187315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       168656                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       146632                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       195499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       878328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3078201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    282285398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3304609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    282581154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3289203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185320988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3360618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    179109122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3184897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    109620275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2622221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    193329221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2962656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    106990153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3504725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    183411052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3161602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    181890495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3199464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    130179912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3112420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    283736017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3522347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106576649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3506511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    276653740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3278545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    179008214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3347980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    275385992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3427025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    127200834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3135142240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3078201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    282285398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3304609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    282581154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3289203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185320988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3360618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    179109122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3184897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    109620275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2622221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    193329221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2962656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    106990153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3504725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    183411052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3161602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    181890495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3199464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    130179912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3112420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    283736017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3522347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106576649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3506511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    276653740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3278545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    179008214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3347980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    275385992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3427025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    127200834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3135142240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.414305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.413064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.307177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.405184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.342800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.413460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.412221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.311681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.305948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.406974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.404357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.372319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.413460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.412221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.311681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.305948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.406974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.404357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.372319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90535.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92826.503782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94417.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93291.896335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91366.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92293.500499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96017.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92561.721159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90997.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93056.260611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87407.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92369.431916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst        92583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91758.278731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97353.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91850.825063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92988.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92773.794283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        88874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92457.323864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91541.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93487.979242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95198.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92917.741064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97403.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92588.266399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93672.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92361.939566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        98470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92722.556229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90184.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92442.466570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92683.085785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        90113                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93657.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        84328                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        73316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97749.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87832.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90535.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92826.503782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94417.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93291.896335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91366.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92291.328685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96017.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92562.853747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90997.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93056.260611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87407.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92369.431916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst        92583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91758.278731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97353.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91843.290936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92988.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92753.949516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        88874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92457.323864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91541.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93487.979242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95198.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92917.741064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97403.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92588.266399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93672.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92367.499484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        98470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92722.556229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90184.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92442.466570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92681.651935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90535.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92826.503782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94417.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93291.896335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91366.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92291.328685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96017.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92562.853747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90997.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93056.260611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87407.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92369.431916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst        92583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91758.278731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97353.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91843.290936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92988.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92753.949516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        88874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92457.323864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91541.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93487.979242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95198.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92917.741064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97403.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92588.266399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93672.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92367.499484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        98470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92722.556229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90184.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92442.466570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92681.651935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              521.034333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.123810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.034333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6713826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6713826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6713826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6713826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6713826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6713826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156135.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156135.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156135.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156135.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156135.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156135.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5648011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5648011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5648011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5648011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5648011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5648011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161371.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161371.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161371.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161371.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161371.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161371.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7355                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166552126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21883.080541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   227.934107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    28.065893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.890368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1997                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1997                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        18820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        18820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2237581961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2237581961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7224015                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7224015                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2244805976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2244805976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2244805976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2244805976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1997                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1997                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119446.002295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119446.002295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83034.655172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83034.655172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119277.682040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119277.682040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119277.682040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119277.682040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    781256060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781256060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       977714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    782233774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    782233774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    782233774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    782233774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106438.155313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106438.155313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65180.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65180.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106354.014140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106354.014140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106354.014140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106354.014140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              521.412443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001251121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1903519.241445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.412443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.050340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1243072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1243072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7703612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7703612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7703612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7703612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7703612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7703612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160491.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160491.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160491.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160491.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160491.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160491.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5882723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5882723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5882723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5882723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5882723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5882723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163408.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163408.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163408.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163408.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163408.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163408.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7348                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166551081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             21903.087980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   228.023982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    27.976018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.890719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.109281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       859528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       710418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1976                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1976                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1569946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1569946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2233584828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2233584828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7309283                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7309283                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2240894111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2240894111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2240894111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2240894111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       878282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       710507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1976                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1976                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1588789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1588789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1588789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1588789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119099.116349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119099.116349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 82126.775281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82126.775281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118924.487130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118924.487130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118924.487130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118924.487130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11495                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11495                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    781708136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781708136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       994270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       994270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    782702406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    782702406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    782702406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    782702406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106601.409519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106601.409519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66284.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66284.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106519.108057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106519.108057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106519.108057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106519.108057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              512.801819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              996791722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1920600.620424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.801819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.049362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1229276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1229276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1229276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1229276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1229276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8387930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8387930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8387930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8387930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8387930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8387930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1229322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1229322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1229322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182346.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182346.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182346.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182346.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182346.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182346.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6935873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6935873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6935873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6935873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6935873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6935873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 187456.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187456.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 187456.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187456.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 187456.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187456.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              157693458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             27062.546422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.294127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.705873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.883961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.116039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       863841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        863841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       731353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1595194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1595194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1595194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1595194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19624                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19624                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2396727156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2396727156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54107524                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54107524                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2450834680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2450834680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2450834680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2450834680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       883009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       731809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1614818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1614818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1614818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1614818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125037.935935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125037.935935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118656.850877                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118656.850877                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124889.659600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124889.659600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124889.659600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124889.659600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    565303308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565303308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1371640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1371640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    566674948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    566674948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    566674948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566674948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101783.094707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101783.094707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 80684.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80684.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101718.712619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101718.712619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101718.712619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101718.712619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.762811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              996792781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1924310.388031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    29.762811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.047697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1230335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1230335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1230335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1230335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1230335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1230335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7644891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7644891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7644891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7644891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7644891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7644891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1230381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1230381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1230381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1230381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1230381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1230381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166193.282609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166193.282609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166193.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166193.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166193.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166193.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6249958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6249958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6249958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6249958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6249958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6249958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173609.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173609.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173609.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173609.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173609.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173609.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              157695350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             27170.115438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.293923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.706077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.883961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.116039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       865311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        865311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       731762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1597073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1597073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1597073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1597073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2375220345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2375220345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     55336663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55336663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2430557008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2430557008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2430557008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2430557008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       884362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       884362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       732217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1616579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1616579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1616579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1616579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124676.937956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124676.937956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121619.039560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121619.039560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124605.608941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124605.608941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124605.608941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124605.608941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13958                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13958                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    556160755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556160755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1411640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1411640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    557572395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    557572395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    557572395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    557572395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100553.381848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100553.381848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83037.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83037.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100499.710707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100499.710707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100499.710707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100499.710707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              486.351056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              998619257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2029713.936992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.351056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1256737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1256737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1256737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1256737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1256737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1256737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7701340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7701340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7701340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7701340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7701340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7701340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1256788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1256788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1256788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151006.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151006.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151006.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151006.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151006.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151006.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5946656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5946656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5946656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5946656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5946656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5946656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160720.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160720.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160720.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160720.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160720.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160720.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3741                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148109418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 3997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             37055.145859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   217.339036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    38.660964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.848981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.151019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1000180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       742189                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742189                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1742369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1742369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         9634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         9634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1018339363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1018339363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6106763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6106763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1024446126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1024446126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1024446126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1024446126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1009744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       742259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1752003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1752003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106476.303116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106476.303116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87239.471429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87239.471429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106336.529583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106336.529583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106336.529583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106336.529583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    362070516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362070516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1115217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1115217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    363185733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363185733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    363185733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363185733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97174.051530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97174.051530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 74347.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74347.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97082.526864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97082.526864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97082.526864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97082.526864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              552.003453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              915064720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1639900.931900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.057426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.946028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.041759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1246173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1246173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5895462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5895462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5895462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5895462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5895462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5895462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 143791.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143791.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 143791.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143791.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 143791.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143791.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4743071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4743071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4743071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4743071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4743071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4743071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153002.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153002.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153002.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153002.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153002.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153002.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              204297527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             34089.358752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   183.737879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    72.262121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.717726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.282274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1854108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1854108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       339438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2193546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2193546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2193546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2193546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2164619394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2164619394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3944732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3944732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2168564126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2168564126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2168564126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2168564126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1874023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       339483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2213506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2213506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2213506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2213506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108692.914587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108692.914587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87660.711111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87660.711111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108645.497295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108645.497295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108645.497295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108645.497295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    581278467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    581278467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       614204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       614204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    581892671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    581892671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    581892671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    581892671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101480.179295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101480.179295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 68244.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68244.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101428.040962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101428.040962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101428.040962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101428.040962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              485.256222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998619422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2042166.507157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.256222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.777654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1256902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1256902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1256902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1256902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1256902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1256902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7194999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7194999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7194999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7194999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7194999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7194999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1256948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1256948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1256948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156413.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156413.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156413.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156413.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156413.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156413.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5563249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5563249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5563249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5563249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5563249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5563249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163624.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163624.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163624.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163624.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163624.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163624.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3741                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148109188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 3997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             37055.088316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   217.156983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    38.843017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.848269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.151731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       999948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       742195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1742143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1742143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         9656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         9656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1015610230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1015610230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7240984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7240984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1022851214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1022851214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1022851214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1022851214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1009515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       742284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1751799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1751799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106157.649211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106157.649211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 81359.370787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81359.370787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105929.081814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105929.081814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105929.081814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105929.081814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    360164564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360164564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1304447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1304447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    361469011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361469011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    361469011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361469011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 96714.437164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96714.437164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 76732.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76732.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 96623.632986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96623.632986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 96623.632986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96623.632986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              512.606277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              996792041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1920601.235067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.606277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.049049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1229595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1229595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1229595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1229595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1229595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8261367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8261367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8261367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8261367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8261367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8261367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1229642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1229642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1229642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175773.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175773.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175773.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175773.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175773.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175773.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6598979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6598979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6598979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6598979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6598979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6598979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178350.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178350.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178350.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178350.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178350.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178350.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              157695305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             27268.771399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.283463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.716537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.883920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.116080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       865358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        865358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       731715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1597073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1597073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1597073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1597073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2376331410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2376331410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     52186622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52186622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2428518032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2428518032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2428518032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2428518032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       884418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       884418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       732169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1616587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1616587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1616587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1616587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124676.359391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124676.359391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114948.506608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114948.506608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124450.037512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124450.037512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124450.037512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124450.037512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    559353306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559353306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1425892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1425892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    560779198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    560779198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    560779198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    560779198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101516.026497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101516.026497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        83876                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83876                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101461.769133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101461.769133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101461.769133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101461.769133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              511.284744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              996792005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1928030.957447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.284744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.046931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1229559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1229559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1229559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1229559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1229559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7283219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7283219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7283219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7283219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7283219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7283219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1229604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1229604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1229604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161849.311111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161849.311111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161849.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161849.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161849.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161849.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5932598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5932598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5932598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5932598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5932598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5932598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169502.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169502.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169502.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169502.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169502.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169502.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              157695418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             27330.228423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.296560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.703440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.883971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.116029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       865697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        865697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       731506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1597203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1597203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1597203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1597203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2389794226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2389794226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     51952836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51952836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2441747062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2441747062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2441747062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2441747062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       884781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       884781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       731963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1616744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1616744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1616744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1616744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125225.017082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125225.017082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113682.354486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113682.354486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124955.072002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124955.072002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124955.072002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124955.072002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    556875148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556875148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1356761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1356761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    558231909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    558231909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    558231909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    558231909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101305.284337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101305.284337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79809.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79809.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101239.011425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101239.011425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101239.011425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101239.011425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              507.613218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              995511797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1936793.379377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.613218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.052265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1248695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1248695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1248695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1248695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1248695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7191552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7191552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7191552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7191552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7191552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7191552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1248742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1248742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1248742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153011.744681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153011.744681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153011.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153011.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153011.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153011.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6020333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6020333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6020333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6020333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6020333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6020333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154367.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154367.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154367.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154367.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154367.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154367.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4032                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151806663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35402.673274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   222.963753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    33.036247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.870952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.129048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       858480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       721718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       721718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1738                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1738                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1580198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1580198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1580198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1580198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        12995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        12995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1533811628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1533811628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7328642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7328642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1541140270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1541140270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1541140270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1541140270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       871385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       871385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       721808                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721808                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1738                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1738                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1593193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1593193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1593193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1593193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.014810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118854.058737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118854.058737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81429.355556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81429.355556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118594.864948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118594.864948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118594.864948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118594.864948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    401922190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401922190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       979637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       979637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    402901827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402901827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    402901827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402901827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100055.312422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100055.312422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 65309.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65309.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99926.048363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99926.048363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99926.048363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99926.048363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              570.307910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1026158904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1775361.425606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.889511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.418398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.046297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1217578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1217578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1217578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1217578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1217578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7234471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7234471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7234471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7234471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7234471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7234471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1217623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1217623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1217623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160766.022222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160766.022222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160766.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160766.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160766.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160766.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5683748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5683748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5683748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5683748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5683748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5683748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162392.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162392.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162392.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162392.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162392.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162392.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              404471910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             48139.955963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.071418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.928582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3187903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3187903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1744252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1744252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          852                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          852                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4932155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4932155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4932155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4932155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        28761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        28761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3266197520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3266197520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2264140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2264140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3268461660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3268461660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3268461660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3268461660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3216635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3216635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1744281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1744281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          852                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          852                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4960916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4960916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4960916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4960916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113678.042601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113678.042601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 78073.793103                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78073.793103                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113642.142485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113642.142485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113642.142485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113642.142485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    848206365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    848206365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       602072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       602072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    848808437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    848808437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    848808437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    848808437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104240.674081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104240.674081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66896.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66896.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104199.415296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104199.415296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104199.415296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104199.415296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              487.973600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              998619792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2021497.554656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.973600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.052842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1257272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1257272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1257272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1257272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1257272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1257272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8327178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8327178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8327178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8327178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8327178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8327178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1257325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1257325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1257325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1257325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1257325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1257325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157116.566038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157116.566038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157116.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157116.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157116.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157116.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6503404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6503404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6503404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6503404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6503404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6503404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166753.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166753.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166753.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166753.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166753.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166753.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148111062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36981.538577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   217.058089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    38.941911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.847883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.152117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1001455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1001455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       742562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1744017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1744017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1744017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1744017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         9631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         9631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1003807722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1003807722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5766305                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5766305                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1009574027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1009574027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1009574027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1009574027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1011018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1011018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       742630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1753648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1753648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1753648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1753648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104967.868033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104967.868033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84798.602941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84798.602941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104825.462257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104825.462257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104825.462257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104825.462257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    359483285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    359483285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1159059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1159059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    360642344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360642344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    360642344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360642344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96272.974022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96272.974022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 77270.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77270.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96196.944252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96196.944252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96196.944252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96196.944252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              522.780740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001251499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1899907.967742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.160855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   489.619885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.053142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.784647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.837790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1243450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1243450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1243450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1243450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1243450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8169009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8169009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8169009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8169009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8169009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8169009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1243498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1243498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1243498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170187.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170187.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170187.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170187.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170187.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170187.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6406872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6406872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6406872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6406872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6406872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6406872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173158.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173158.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173158.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173158.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173158.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173158.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166553408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             21920.690708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.271475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.728525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.891685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.108315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       860841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       711399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       711399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2005                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2005                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1572240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1572240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1572240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1572240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2208678105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2208678105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7319197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7319197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2215997302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2215997302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2215997302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2215997302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       879627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       711487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       711487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1591114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1591114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1591114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1591114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117570.430374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117570.430374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83172.693182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83172.693182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117410.050970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117410.050970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117410.050970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117410.050970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    775249386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775249386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       981035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       981035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    776230421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    776230421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    776230421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    776230421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105807.204313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105807.204313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65402.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65402.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105724.655543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105724.655543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105724.655543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105724.655543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              510.986155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              996792211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1924309.287645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.986155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.046452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1229765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1229765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1229765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1229765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1229765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7813041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7813041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7813041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7813041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7813041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7813041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1229810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1229810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1229810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173623.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173623.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173623.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173623.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173623.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173623.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6383618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6383618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6383618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6383618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6383618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6383618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177322.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177322.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177322.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177322.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177322.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177322.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5550                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              157692810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             27160.318636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.303591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.696409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.883998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.116002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       863810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        863810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       730765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       730765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1594575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1594575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1594575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1594575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          450                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          450                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        19617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        19617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2385183176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2385183176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     54646064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54646064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2439829240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2439829240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2439829240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2439829240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       882977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       882977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       731215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1614192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1614192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1614192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1614192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000615                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000615                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124442.175406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124442.175406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121435.697778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121435.697778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124373.208951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124373.208951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124373.208951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124373.208951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14067                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14067                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    556737812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556737812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1349441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1349441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    558087253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    558087253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    558087253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    558087253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100621.328755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100621.328755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 79378.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79378.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100556.261802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100556.261802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100556.261802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100556.261802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.878490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001251035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1907144.828571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.878490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.047882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1242986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1242986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1242986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1242986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1242986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7409002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7409002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7409002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7409002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7409002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7409002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164644.488889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164644.488889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164644.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164644.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164644.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164644.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5988577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5988577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5988577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171102.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171102.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171102.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171102.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171102.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171102.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7345                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166554808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             21912.223129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.330924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.669076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.891918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.108082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       861393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        861393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       712266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       712266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1662                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1662                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1573659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1573659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1573659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1573659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2207859942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2207859942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8052348                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8052348                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2215912290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2215912290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2215912290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2215912290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       880149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       712355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       712355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1662                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1662                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1592504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1592504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1592504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1592504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117714.861484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117714.861484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90475.820225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90475.820225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117586.218626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117586.218626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117586.218626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117586.218626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          936                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             936                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11500                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11500                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    773663063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    773663063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1110917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1110917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    774773980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    774773980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    774773980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    774773980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105547.484720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105547.484720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 74061.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74061.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105483.183118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105483.183118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105483.183118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105483.183118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              508.504792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              995512157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1929287.125969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    33.504792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.053694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1249055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1249055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1249055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1249055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1249055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1249055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8116301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8116301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8116301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8116301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8116301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8116301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1249105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1249105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1249105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162326.020000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162326.020000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162326.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162326.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162326.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162326.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6653698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6653698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6653698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6653698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6653698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6653698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162285.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162285.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162285.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162285.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162285.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162285.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              151807403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             35427.631972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   222.928945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    33.071055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.870816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.129184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       859422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       721493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       721493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1580915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1580915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1580915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1580915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        12962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        12962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1521898419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1521898419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7040902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7040902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1528939321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1528939321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1528939321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1528939321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       872299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       872299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       721578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1593877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1593877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1593877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1593877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.014762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118187.343248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118187.343248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82834.141176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82834.141176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117955.510029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117955.510029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117955.510029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117955.510029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    398778479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398778479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       987203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       987203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    399765682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    399765682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    399765682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    399765682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99346.905580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99346.905580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65813.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65813.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99222.060561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99222.060561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99222.060561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99222.060561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
