
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010175                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10175074386                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536362059150                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 303648                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   390422                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 195016                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67620728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52175.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15843017079                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20370529787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       141696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       234368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       393344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       372480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       251264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       254464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       252032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       391552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       388992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       254336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       179456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       391424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       253696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       179072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       368640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       235776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4611200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1069568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1069568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8356                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8356                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       452871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13925795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       415132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23033542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       440292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38657604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       452871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     36607103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       327074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24694070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       352233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     25008564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       389973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24769549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       427712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     38481488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     38229893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       377393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24995984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       515770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17636824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       440292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     38468908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       352233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24933086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       503190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17599085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       452871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36229711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       415132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23171919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               453185876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       452871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       415132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       440292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       452871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       327074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       352233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       389973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       427712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       377393                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       515770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       440292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       352233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       503190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       452871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       415132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6742752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         105116480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              105116480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         105116480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       452871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13925795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       415132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23033542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       440292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38657604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       452871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     36607103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       327074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24694070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       352233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     25008564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       389973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24769549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       427712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     38481488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       427712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     38229893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       377393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24995984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       515770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17636824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       440292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     38468908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       352233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24933086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       503190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17599085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       452871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36229711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       415132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23171919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              558302356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2212474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1842189                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202662                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847563                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808550                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9481                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19230261                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12135535                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2212474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046264                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528753                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       640501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196068                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193761                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     22760935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20232182     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154787      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195022      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310071      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130344      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168378      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195942      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          90151      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1284058      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     22760935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497345                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19116867                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       764962                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516730                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1237                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361137                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336481                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14835535                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361137                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19136689                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         62160                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       648255                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2498136                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14744342                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20586961                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68562214                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68562214                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3398911                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1844                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383187                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721669                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8101                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14390209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3566                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13794933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13860                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1770207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3616823                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22760935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16916714     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664978     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089488      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611138      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827300      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255558      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250479      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134539      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10741      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22760935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94460     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13071     10.90%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12344     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11620104     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188512      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265508      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719104      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13794933                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565351                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119875                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008690                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50484536                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16164068                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13432295                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13914808                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10168                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265845                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           89                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11448                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361137                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47502                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6063                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14393778                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383187                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721669                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5299                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           89                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119151                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114601                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233752                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13552532                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243872                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242401                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962849                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915456                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718977                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555417                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13432392                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13432295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8048119                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21625434                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550489                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372160                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2071481                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204169                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22399798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17182658     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644697     11.81%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960407      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478084      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437154      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183419      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181790      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86570      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245019      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22399798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       245019                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36548538                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29148837                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                293895                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1639724                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.440065                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.440065                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.409825                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.409825                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60977825                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18767726                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13717163                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1983608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1626252                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196822                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       830360                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         775227                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8881                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18992028                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11278002                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1983608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       979153                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2481330                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        557087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       608284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1171362                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195302                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22438787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19957457     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         268509      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         311336      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         171552      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         196465      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         108843      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          74870      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         191319      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1158436      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22438787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081293                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.462201                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18834862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       768632                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2460490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19708                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       355093                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       322001                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2053                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13766674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        10671                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       355093                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18865371                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        235399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       449224                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2450934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        82764                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13757391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        20046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        39247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19121997                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     64059589                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     64059589                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16324305                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2797692                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3685                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2092                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          224245                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1315068                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       715596                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18290                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       157462                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13736313                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12984925                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17711                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1712753                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3956320                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          486                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22438787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16966646     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2202749      9.82%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1183917      5.28%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       815384      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715381      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       364765      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89613      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57493      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42839      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22438787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3297     11.73%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12015     42.74%     54.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12798     45.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10868814     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202862      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1590      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1201788      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709871      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12984925                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.532155                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28110                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48454458                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15452894                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12766600                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13013035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233041                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15473                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          795                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       355093                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        190902                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13062                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13740024                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1315068                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       715596                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2091                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9249                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113824                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110201                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       224025                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12790266                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1127666                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1837333                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1789910                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           709667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.524177                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12766908                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12766600                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7586761                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        19868455                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.523207                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381850                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9587115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11762588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1977615                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       197801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22083694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17278005     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2228326     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934149      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       560516      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389317      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251183      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130725      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104901      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206572      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22083694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9587115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11762588                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1782150                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1082027                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1683511                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10604455                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       239361                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       206572                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35617260                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27835516                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                292618                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1961872                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9587115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11762588                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9587115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.545151                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.545151                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392904                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392904                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       57702598                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17720155                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12849049                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1898213                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1712343                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       102473                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       838090                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677192                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104703                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4526                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20151021                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11948116                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1898213                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       781895                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2361890                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        320392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       442641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1159216                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102842                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23170954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20809064     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          84238      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         171825      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          72434      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         391477      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         349571      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          68882      0.30%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         141690      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1081773      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23170954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077794                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.489664                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20037366                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       557751                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2353264                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7404                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       215164                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       166883                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14009380                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1440                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       215164                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20058663                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        389682                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       102784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2340648                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        64008                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14001291                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        26169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        23573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          732                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16449203                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     65944572                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     65944572                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14557326                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1891871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1627                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          825                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          164426                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3302329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1669773                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        81066                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13972096                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1631                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13431535                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7145                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1089174                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2594837                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23170954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18397755     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1430337      6.17%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174856      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       504436      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       642417      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       621510      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354159      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27866      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17618      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23170954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34000     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       264922     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7677      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8428722     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117219      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          802      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3219390     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1665402     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13431535                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550458                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306599                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022827                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50347768                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15063256                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13315020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13738134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130554                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          356                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11554                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1190                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       215164                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        354864                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16952                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13973739                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3302329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1669773                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          825                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11508                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          356                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59388                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60134                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       119522                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13336208                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3208228                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        95327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            4873410                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1745847                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1665182                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546551                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13315540                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13315020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7192190                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14170700                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545683                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507540                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10805246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12697484                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1277556                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1614                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       104494                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22955790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18351753     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1679287      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788614      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       779078      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211590      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907307      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67628      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49192      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121341      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22955790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10805246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12697484                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4829986                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3171772                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               806                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1676280                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11291388                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       122872                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       121341                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36809463                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28165287                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                444057                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1229705                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10805246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12697484                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10805246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.258223                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.258223                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.442826                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.442826                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       65929780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15470374                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      16678093                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1612                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1978188                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1617386                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195619                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       841781                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         779969                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203336                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8781                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19208796                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11219539                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1978188                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       983305                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2350877                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        565925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       344931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1183010                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196928                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     22270679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       19919802     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         127323      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         200831      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         318398      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         133996      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         150259      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         157968      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         104121      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1157981      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     22270679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081071                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459805                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19033483                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       522030                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2343326                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         6069                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       365769                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       324528                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13701018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       365769                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19062182                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        170673                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       268774                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2321282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        81997                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13692085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         2417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        23589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        30701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3836                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19005544                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     63687005                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     63687005                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16210774                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2794759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3484                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1916                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          249599                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1307741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       701963                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21110                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       159624                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13671660                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12936127                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16636                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1743638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3881340                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          330                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22270679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16816432     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2188314      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1197079      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817731      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762474      3.42%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219790      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170574      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58108      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40177      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22270679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3111     12.74%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9424     38.60%     51.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11881     48.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10835696     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204222      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1567      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1197188      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697454      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12936127                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530155                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24416                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001887                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48183981                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15418947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12725432                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12960543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38859                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237856                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21702                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          843                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       365769                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        117276                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11871                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13675177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1307741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701963                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1913                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8857                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113538                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111886                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       225424                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12750514                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125861                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1822925                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1794071                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           697064                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522548                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12725685                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12725432                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7440248                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19430450                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382917                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9522007                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11671451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2003749                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       199480                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21904910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17164024     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2296462     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894887      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481593      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359757      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201297      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124685      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110827      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271378      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21904910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9522007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11671451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1750145                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1069884                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1675238                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10516979                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       237119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       271378                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35308667                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27716217                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                311877                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2129980                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9522007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11671451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9522007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.562554                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.562554                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390236                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390236                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       57497639                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17641459                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12778329                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3158                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1846510                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1652467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148273                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1233904                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1217774                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107725                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4380                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19590080                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10500917                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1846510                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1325499                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2339635                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        490107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       294037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1186255                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     22564784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20225149     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         360746      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         176206      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         356790      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         110184      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         331625      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          51104      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          82745      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         870235      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     22564784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075675                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430354                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19350630                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       538238                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2334893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1878                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       339141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       170389                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1891                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     11709202                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4520                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       339141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19377735                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        328569                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       127764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2309615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        81956                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     11691459                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        65912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15281831                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     52930145                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     52930145                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     12337655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2944169                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1530                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          779                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          175916                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2143871                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       334080                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2125                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        75305                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         11629797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1536                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        10873675                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7134                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2140121                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4396710                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22564784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17795741     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488374      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1611680      7.14%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       931664      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       473310      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119365      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138489      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3338      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2823      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22564784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17856     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7365     23.55%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6058     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8504194     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82777      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          753      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1955186     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       330765      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     10873675                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.445630                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31279                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44350547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13771487                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10594151                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     10904954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8333                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       443196                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9361                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       339141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        222032                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10092                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11631343                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2143871                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334080                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4007                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99555                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57511                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       157066                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10737894                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1928200                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2258942                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1634770                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           330742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.440066                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             10596997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            10594151                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6416689                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13842399                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.434175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.463553                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8442596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      9474755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2157084                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1519                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       147159                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22225643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18714126     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1368158      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       890319      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278089      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468445      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89756      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56703      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51462      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308585      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22225643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8442596                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      9474755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2025390                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1700671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1456577                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         8270987                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       115609                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       308585                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           33548871                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          23603106                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                440902                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1835875                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8442596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             9474755                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8442596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.890184                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.890184                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.345999                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.345999                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       49963009                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      13770812                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12489061                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1847064                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1652919                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148488                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1234610                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1217987                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107725                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4417                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19588461                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10501629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1847064                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1325712                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2339557                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        490653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       289957                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1186467                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22559343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20219786     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         360611      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         176388      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         356556      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         110046      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         331600      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          51098      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          83038      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         870220      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22559343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075697                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430383                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19349941                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       533235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2334769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       339477                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       170599                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1892                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     11709802                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4515                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       339477                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19376922                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        325968                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       125640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2309470                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        81862                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     11691767                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        65637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     15281425                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     52929553                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     52929553                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12336476                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2944923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          771                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          176424                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2144113                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       333840                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2276                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        75916                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         11629739                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1528                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        10872953                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7161                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2141414                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4398248                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22559343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17789975     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488682      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1611981      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       931686      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       473125      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119506      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138277      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3329      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2782      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22559343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17874     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7387     23.64%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5990     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8503217     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82810      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          752      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1955523     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       330651      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     10872953                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.445601                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31251                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44343659                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13772710                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10593507                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     10904204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8530                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       443457                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9153                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       339477                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        219238                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11631276                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2144113                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       333840                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4021                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          230                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       157399                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10736974                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1928333                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2258952                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1634825                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           330619                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.440028                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             10596276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            10593507                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6416197                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        13841061                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.434148                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463563                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8441936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9474046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2157681                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       147370                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22219866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18709187     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1367803      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889911      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       277795      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468647      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89580      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56750      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51496      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308697      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22219866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8441936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9474046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2025339                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1700656                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1456521                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8270321                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       115601                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       308697                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           33542870                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          23603225                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                441342                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1841316                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8441936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9474046                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8441936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.890410                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.890410                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.345972                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.345972                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       49958874                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      13769407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12490066                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1847937                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1653537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148223                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1233969                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1218065                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107723                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4367                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19590618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10505810                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1847937                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1325788                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2340925                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        490152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       290980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1186261                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145129                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22563653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20222728     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         361146      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         176216      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         356845      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         110247      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         331800      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          50964      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          82686      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         871021      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22563653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075733                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430554                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19354033                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       532346                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2336180                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1855                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       339235                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       170772                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1897                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     11715665                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       339235                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19380844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        323421                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       128015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2311108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        81026                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     11697702                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        65062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15290597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     52956575                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     52956575                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12343688                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2946896                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          174818                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2143706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       334421                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        76056                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         11635508                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1530                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        10876694                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7255                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2141917                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4405974                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22563653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17792688     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489175      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1612546      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       932215      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       472895      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119476      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138569      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3304      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2785      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22563653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17888     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7396     23.65%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5991     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8506886     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82924      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          753      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1955081     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331050      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     10876694                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.445754                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31275                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44355571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13778983                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10597929                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     10907969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8368                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       442634                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9455                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       339235                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        218634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9966                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11637047                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          471                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2143706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334421                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          237                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99463                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57539                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       157002                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10741185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1928025                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135509                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2259034                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1635527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           331009                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.440201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             10600802                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            10597929                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6418664                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        13848476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.434330                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.463492                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8446090                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9479071                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2158481                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       147106                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22224418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18711071     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1369410      6.16%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       890538      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278055      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468618      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89621      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56758      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51481      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308866      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22224418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8446090                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9479071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2026035                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1701069                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1457222                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8274831                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       115686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       308866                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           33553078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          23614611                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                441123                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1837006                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8446090                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9479071                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8446090                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.888989                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.888989                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.346142                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.346142                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       49976559                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      13776389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12494430                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1901833                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1715414                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101746                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       723063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677163                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104767                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4448                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20147373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11966595                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1901833                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       781930                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2365196                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        319954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       455429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1158443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102087                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23183720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20818524     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          84099      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         172443      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          72590      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         392038      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         349549      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          67902      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         141908      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1084667      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23183720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077942                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.490421                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20033676                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       570591                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2356494                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7471                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       215483                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       167448                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14031986                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       215483                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20054895                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        401530                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       103891                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2344067                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        63849                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14023599                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        26502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        23327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          626                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     16476010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     66046027                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     66046027                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     14577718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1898279                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1635                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          163568                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3304919                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1670572                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15458                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        79488                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13993877                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13445267                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7283                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1099330                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2636218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23183720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18409811     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1427165      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174819      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505464      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643578      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622838      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354383      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28024      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17638      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23183720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34140     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265121     86.38%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7665      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8438906     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117610      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3221463     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666484     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13445267                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.551021                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306926                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022828                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50388463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15095199                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13328646                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13752193                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24535                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          355                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10965                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1190                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       215483                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        366345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17310                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13995526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3304919                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670572                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          355                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60372                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       118822                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13349934                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3210199                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        95333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            4876514                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1748229                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1666315                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.547114                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13329160                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13328646                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7199620                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14188621                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.546241                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507422                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10818327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12713258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1283646                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       103740                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22968237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18359378     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1680693      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788970      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780575      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211931      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907990      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67600      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49174      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121926      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22968237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10818327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12713258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              4833831                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3174224                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1678459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11305512                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       123113                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       121926                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36843189                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28209330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                443452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1216939                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10818327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12713258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10818327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.255493                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.255493                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443362                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443362                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       65989415                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      15486918                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      16699296                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1901214                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1715023                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101769                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       732711                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         676499                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104777                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4456                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20148148                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11963932                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1901214                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       781276                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2364252                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        319771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       451935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1158469                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102095                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23179860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20815608     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          84148      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         171976      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          72095      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         392442      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         349499      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          67402      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         142017      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1084673      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23179860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077917                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.490312                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20034105                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       567436                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2355626                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7405                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       215283                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       167180                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14028665                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1471                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       215283                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20055410                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        398683                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       103711                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2343111                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        63657                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14020478                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        26377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        23337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          480                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     16472281                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     66033001                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     66033001                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     14579033                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1893236                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1669                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          865                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          163248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3304670                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1670555                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15270                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        81197                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13991370                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1674                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13444462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7126                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1096842                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2628250                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           55                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23179860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18405416     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1427698      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174628      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       506158      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643843      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622213      2.68%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354351      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27933      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17620      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23179860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34204     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265027     86.35%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7681      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8438166     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117586      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3221461     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666445     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13444462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550988                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306912                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022828                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50382818                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15090231                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13328106                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13751374                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24514                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130360                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          346                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10895                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1188                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       215283                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        364226                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17167                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13993056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3304670                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670555                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          865                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11588                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          346                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60665                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       119162                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13349475                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3210440                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4876720                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1748090                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1666280                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.547095                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13328588                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13328106                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7199374                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14189354                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.546219                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507379                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10819091                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12714194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1279972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1619                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       103751                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22964577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18355068     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1680962      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       789452      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780591      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211926      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907710      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67677      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49289      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121902      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22964577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10819091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12714194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4833967                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3174307                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1678580                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11306366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       123134                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       121902                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36836815                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28203659                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                443559                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1220799                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10819091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12714194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10819091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.255334                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.255334                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443393                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443393                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       65988404                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      15486750                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      16696713                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1618                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1846471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1652242                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148220                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1233105                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1216747                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4434                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19588556                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10497550                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1846471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1324518                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2338874                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        490046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       291016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1185958                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22559472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20220598     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         360368      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         176508      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         356622      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         110035      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         331348      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          50978      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          82831      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         870184      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22559472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430216                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19347636                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       536669                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2334199                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1828                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       339136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       170597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1890                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     11706434                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4503                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       339136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19374833                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        327785                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       126813                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2308769                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        82132                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     11688678                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        66147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15277921                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     52917253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     52917253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12335498                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2942406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1525                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          176494                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2142833                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       334039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2133                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        76146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         11628250                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1529                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        10869508                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7655                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2140118                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4404476                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22559472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17791172     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488864      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1611557      7.14%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       931324      4.13%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       473034      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       118624      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138788      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3298      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2811      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22559472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18141     57.65%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7345     23.34%     80.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5984     19.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8501093     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82790      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          752      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1954212     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       330661      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     10869508                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.445460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002895                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44337613                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13769926                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10591142                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     10900978                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8262                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       442303                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9431                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       339136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        220556                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10066                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11629788                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          525                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2142833                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          773                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3995                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57762                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       157162                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10734324                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1927624                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2258262                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1634438                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           330638                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.439919                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             10593988                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            10591142                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6414069                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        13836953                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.434051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.463546                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8441304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9473214                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2157059                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1514                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       147107                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22220336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18709303     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1368138      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889720      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278559      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468374      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89630      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56517      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51549      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308546      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22220336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8441304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9473214                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2025134                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1700526                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               756                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1456382                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8269559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       115572                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       308546                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           33542037                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          23599973                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                440585                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1841187                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8441304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9473214                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8441304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.890627                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.890627                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.345946                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.345946                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       49948196                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      13766631                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12485568                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1512                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2014889                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1648380                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       821200                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790224                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207719                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8996                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19386024                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11268072                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2014889                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       997943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2349704                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        542866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       447547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1187438                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198259                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22525333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20175629     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         108669      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         172792      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         235425      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         241987      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         205436      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         114891      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         171076      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1099428      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22525333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082575                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461794                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19191126                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       644472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2345244                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2694                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       341796                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       331710                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13824700                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       341796                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19243386                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        131418                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       393454                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2296347                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       118929                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13819306                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        15938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        51973                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19283268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     64284642                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     64284642                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16684962                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2598306                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3376                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1736                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          359717                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293812                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       700366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8092                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       223195                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13802258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3390                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13098782                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1932                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1543578                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3700056                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           78                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22525333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16940410     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2330250     10.35%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1170707      5.20%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853899      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676700      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276298      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174246      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90929      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11894      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22525333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2668     12.30%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8033     37.03%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10991     50.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11016625     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195351      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187014      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698152      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13098782                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536821                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21692                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48746521                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15349291                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12899282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13120474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26332                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209571                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10611                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       341796                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        104788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13805675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293812                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1736                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114683                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112011                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       226694                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12915431                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1116074                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       183351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1814162                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1835006                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           698088                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529307                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12899394                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12899282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7404468                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19957685                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528645                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371008                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9726697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11969056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1836635                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       200501                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22183537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17236022     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2470942     11.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915988      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437920      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390818      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212760      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171697      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        83996      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263394      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22183537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9726697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11969056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1773996                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1084241                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1726079                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10783937                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       246531                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       263394                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35725756                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27953196                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                295330                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1875326                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9726697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11969056                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9726697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.508627                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.508627                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398624                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398624                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       58125723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17968118                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12815661                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1900958                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1714880                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101924                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       730746                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         676654                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104821                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4475                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20144854                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11964151                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1900958                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       781475                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2363739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        319950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       452799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1158419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23176943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20813204     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          83639      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         172268      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          72308      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         391569      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         349179      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          68297      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         142296      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1084183      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23176943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077906                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.490321                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20030994                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       568162                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2355084                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       215310                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       167077                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14027474                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1463                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       215310                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20052519                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        399254                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       103745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2342277                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        63833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14019039                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        26298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        23586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          315                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     16472401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     66027018                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     66027018                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     14574159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1898242                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1673                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          869                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          165111                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3303612                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1670591                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15243                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        80423                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13989267                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1678                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13441598                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7120                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1096184                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2630048                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23176943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18403777     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1427311      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1173817      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       506604      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643280      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622428      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354183      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27861      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17682      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23176943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33997     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265000     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7661      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8435723     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117576      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3221065     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666430     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13441598                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550870                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306658                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022814                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50373917                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15087479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13325457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13748256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24533                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129606                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11117                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1193                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       215310                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        364473                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17250                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13990957                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3303612                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670591                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          869                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11745                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58830                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60384                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       119214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13346596                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3210114                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        95002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            4876378                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1747590                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1666264                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546977                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13325972                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13325457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7198249                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14184336                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.546111                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507479                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10816272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12710726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1281658                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1619                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       103905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22961633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18353656     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1680162      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       789012      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780430      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211835      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       908043      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67506      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49253      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121736      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22961633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10816272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12710726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              4833480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3174006                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1678089                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11303247                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       123066                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       121736                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36832255                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28200110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                443471                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1223716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10816272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12710726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10816272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.255921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.255921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443278                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443278                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       65976409                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      15483874                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      16696962                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1618                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               24400656                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1848567                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1654579                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147987                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1235001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1218735                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107721                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4380                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19588720                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10509876                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1848567                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1326456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2341302                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        489764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       292460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1186032                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144892                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22563456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20222154     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         360289      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         176794      0.78%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         357078      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         109966      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         331984      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          51408      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          82945      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         870838      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22563456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075759                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19352056                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       533935                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2336534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       339077                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       170392                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1898                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     11719292                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       339077                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19378932                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        325323                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       127358                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2311337                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        81425                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     11701107                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        65537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     15297817                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     52973417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     52973417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     12347695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2950122                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1533                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          780                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          176146                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2143512                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       334450                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2209                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        75894                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         11638313                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1539                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        10879578                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2141679                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4405843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22563456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17791795     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488596      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1613952      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       932600      4.13%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       471718      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119201      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       139534      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3283      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2777      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22563456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17958     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7354     23.47%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6017     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8508875     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82987      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          754      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1955762     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331200      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     10879578                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.445872                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44361249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13781559                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10601078                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     10910907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8580                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       442164                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9294                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       339077                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        220562                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9968                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11639859                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2143512                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334450                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          779                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3992                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          215                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99782                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57315                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       157097                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10744263                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1928679                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2259855                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1635675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           331176                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.440327                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             10603851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            10601078                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6421002                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        13853541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.434459                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.463492                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8448455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      9482026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2158320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1520                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       146869                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22224379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18709709     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1369608      6.16%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       891281      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278537      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468679      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89473      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56581      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51410      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       309101      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22224379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8448455                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      9482026                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2026504                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1701348                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1457660                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         8277509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       115759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       309101                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           33555598                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          23620057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                440682                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1837200                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8448455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             9482026                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8448455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.888180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.888180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.346239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.346239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       49992792                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      13781389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12499324                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2015080                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1648406                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198173                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822462                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790215                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207881                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8990                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19386882                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11268972                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2015080                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       998096                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2349630                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        542514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       446613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1187435                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198247                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22524892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20175262     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         108524      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         172806      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         235087      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         241869      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         205520      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         114976      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         171540      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1099308      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22524892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082583                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461831                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19191466                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       643997                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2345265                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2664                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       341499                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       331830                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          268                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13826642                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1581                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       341499                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19243956                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        132060                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       391760                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2296102                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       119512                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13821164                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        15917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        52292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19284385                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     64295039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     64295039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16693925                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2590414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3424                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1781                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          361312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293760                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       700707                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8170                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       228450                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13804385                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3437                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13103323                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1540328                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3685831                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22524892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16934548     75.18%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2338705     10.38%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1166596      5.18%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853682      3.79%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       677594      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       277483      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       173399      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90885      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12000      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22524892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2718     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8037     36.97%     49.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10986     50.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11020854     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195478      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1641      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186923      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698427      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13103323                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.537007                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21741                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48755231                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15348215                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12904791                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13125064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       208914                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10559                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       341499                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        105244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11601                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13807851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293760                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700707                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1783                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9829                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114355                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112138                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       226493                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12920929                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1116719                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1815088                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1835557                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           698369                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529532                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12904906                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12904791                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7407866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19967952                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528871                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370988                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9731910                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11975559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1832298                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       200436                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22183393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17231444     77.68%     77.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2474256     11.15%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914560      4.12%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442319      1.99%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       388636      1.75%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212964      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171160      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85530      0.39%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       262524      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22183393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9731910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11975559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1774994                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1084846                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1727043                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10789787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       246674                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       262524                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           35728648                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27957253                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                295281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1875767                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9731910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11975559                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9731910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.507284                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.507284                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398838                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398838                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       58152635                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17973841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12817375                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1978052                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1617672                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195558                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         779646                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203212                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8795                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19210542                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11218735                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1978052                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       982858                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2350498                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        565932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       342409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1183043                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196868                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22269605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19919107     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         127064      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         200755      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         319052      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         133249      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         149879      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         157830      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         104395      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1158274      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22269605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081066                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459772                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19035609                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       519106                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2343057                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5978                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       365853                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       324113                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13701087                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1659                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       365853                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19064022                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        168302                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       268100                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2321156                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        82170                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13692391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        23387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        30964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3836                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19007369                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     63686645                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     63686645                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16215070                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2792278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3492                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1924                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          249771                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1307844                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       702102                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21090                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       159551                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13673473                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3503                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12939518                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741993                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3872218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          340                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22269605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16814183     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2188855      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1196867      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       818123      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763030      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219630      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170409      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58228      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40280      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22269605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3094     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9407     38.57%     51.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11886     48.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10839548     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204108      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1196738      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697556      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12939518                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530294                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24387                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48189689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15419125                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12729093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12963905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38457                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237658                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21642                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          845                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       365853                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        115266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11784                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13676996                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1307844                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       702102                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1923                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8765                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113584                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111911                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       225495                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12754023                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125609                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1822764                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1793986                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           697155                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522692                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12729340                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12729093                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7442750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        19439255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521670                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382872                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9524536                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11674605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2002412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       199412                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21903752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17162211     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2296106     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895029      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       482250      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360026      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201193      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124391      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111092      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271454      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21903752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9524536                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11674605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1750646                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1070186                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1675719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10519812                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       237189                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       271454                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35309250                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27719925                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                311808                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2131054                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9524536                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11674605                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9524536                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.561874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.561874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       57512717                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17647053                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12777464                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               24400659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1984837                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       836034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776774                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203396                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8835                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18990058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11274859                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1984837                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       980170                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2481273                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        556380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       598634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1170716                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195238                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22426407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       19945134     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         268338      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         312525      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         171667      0.77%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         196929      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         108490      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          74966      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         190495      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1157863      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22426407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.462072                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18835229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       756736                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2460113                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19953                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       354374                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       321043                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2068                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13759013                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        10687                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       354374                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18865794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        261110                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       411276                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2450672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        83179                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13749500                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        20623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        39072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19115324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     64017719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     64017719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16326448                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2788869                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3541                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1946                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          225202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1313598                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       714300                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18222                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       155609                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13727313                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3547                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12977249                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17279                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1704185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3937911                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          342                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22426407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16954280     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2205033      9.83%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1183731      5.28%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       815664      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       713269      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       364717      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89624      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57355      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42734      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22426407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3359     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11716     42.20%     54.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12691     45.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10863277     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202646      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1590      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1200692      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709044      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12977249                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531840                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27766                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002140                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48425950                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15435176                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12760785                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13005015                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32651                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231392                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14061                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       354374                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        215180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13514                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13730876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1313598                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       714300                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1947                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114795                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109671                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       224466                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12783777                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1127576                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1836424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1789776                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           708848                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523911                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12761097                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12760785                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7585749                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19857776                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522969                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382004                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9588462                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11764235                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1966848                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       197781                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22072033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17265007     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2229519     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934368      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       559901      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389529      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251866      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130545      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104823      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206475      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22072033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9588462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11764235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1782442                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1082203                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1683749                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10605964                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       239403                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       206475                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35596576                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27816562                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                292255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1974252                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9588462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11764235                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9588462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.544794                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.544794                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392959                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392959                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       57676587                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17713743                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12845624                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          36036                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32764.318881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1439077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          68796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.918033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           269.167184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.073118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   475.071349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.933848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   761.483466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.565400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1282.167367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.228244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1180.022039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.651897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   867.957177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.305644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   873.011984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.309528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   882.354906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.120638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1285.964183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.940227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1280.335613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    17.777193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   883.797415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.876084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   599.871812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.607405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1286.863566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    17.840132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   884.730126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.395384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   589.852647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.543200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1164.377540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.843935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   758.468772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           724.808012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1066.915775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1165.022199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1217.306136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1116.337898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1109.771947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1098.544867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1191.280351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1174.186362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1082.501382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           802.975374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1160.867260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1081.759158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           813.749875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1236.443129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1077.340133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.014498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.023239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.039129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.036011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.026488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.026927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.039245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.039073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.026971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.018307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.039272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.027000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.018001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.035534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.023147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.022119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.032560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.035554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.037149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.034068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.033868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.033525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.036355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.035833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.033035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.024505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.035427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.033013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.024834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.037733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.032878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   58483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16412                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16412                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    58647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3406                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4674                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4052                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3462                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   58647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 36020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  36025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1831                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2910                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3039                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1987                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3058                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1399                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1842                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 36025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5467054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    167375050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5068790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    274799606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5313939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    466155449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5394214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    440021589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4007676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    294738204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4241745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    298037768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4635589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    295805877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5110304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    464330798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5424499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    463128008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4502807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    299974942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6257232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    211866168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5252934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    464923671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4193169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    297675329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6135357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    210941492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5158032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    437250824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4984405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    276563952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5444736473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       277755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       165480                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       284493                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        727728                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5467054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    167375050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5068790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    275077361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5313939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    466155449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5394214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    440021589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4007676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    294738204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4241745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    298037768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4635589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    295805877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5110304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    464496278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5424499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    463128008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4502807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    299974942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6257232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    211866168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5252934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    464923671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4193169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    297675329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6135357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    210941492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5158032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    437250824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4984405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    276848445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5445464201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5467054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    167375050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5068790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    275077361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5313939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    466155449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5394214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    440021589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4007676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    294738204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4241745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    298037768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4635589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    295805877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5110304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    464496278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5424499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    463128008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4502807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    299974942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6257232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    211866168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5252934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    464923671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4193169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    297675329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6135357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    210941492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5158032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    437250824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4984405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    276848445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5445464201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               94503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16412                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16412                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                94672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               94672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.396977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.418886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.391069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.364472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.415465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.381152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.029586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.396670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.417983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.364071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.414567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.380524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.396670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.417983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.364071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.414567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.380524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151862.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151196.973803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153599.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150245.820667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151826.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151693.930687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149839.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151210.168041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154141.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150146.818136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151490.892857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149918.394366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149535.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150231.527171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150303.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151841.333551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159544.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152394.869365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150093.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150968.767992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152615.414634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151117.095578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150083.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152035.209614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149756.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150189.368819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153383.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150780.194425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 143278.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151823.202778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151042.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150306.495652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151158.702748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138877.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       165480                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142246.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145545.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151862.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151196.973803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153599.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150233.403058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151826.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151693.930687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149839.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151210.168041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154141.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150146.818136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151490.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149918.394366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149535.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150231.527171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150303.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151845.792089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159544.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152394.869365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150093.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150968.767992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152615.414634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151117.095578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150083.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152035.209614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149756.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150189.368819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153383.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150780.194425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 143278.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151823.202778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151042.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150297.744300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151157.923692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151862.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151196.973803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153599.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150233.403058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151826.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151693.930687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149839.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151210.168041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154141.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150146.818136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151490.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149918.394366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149535.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150231.527171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150303.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151845.792089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159544.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152394.869365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150093.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150968.767992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152615.414634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151117.095578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150083.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152035.209614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149756.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150189.368819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153383.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150780.194425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 143278.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151823.202778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151042.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150297.744300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151157.923692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8356                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8356                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            36020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             36025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            36025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3372041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    102923376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3149677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168269260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3278166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    287243631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3297171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    270591937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2499119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    180395227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2611805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    182261867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2832110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181135865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3130322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    286418211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3450039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    286274516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2755980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    184245898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3870166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    130227271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3218551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    286944271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2563725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    182241454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3810932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129471584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3059707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    269556237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3063003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    169397852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3347560971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       162155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       107680                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       167741                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       437576                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3372041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    102923376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3149677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168431415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3278166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    287243631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3297171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    270591937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2499119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    180395227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2611805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    182261867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2832110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181135865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3130322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    286525891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3450039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    286274516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2755980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    184245898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3870166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    130227271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3218551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    286944271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2563725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    182241454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3810932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129471584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3059707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    269556237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3063003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    169565593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3347998547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3372041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    102923376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3149677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168431415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3278166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    287243631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3297171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    270591937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2499119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    180395227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2611805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    182261867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2832110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181135865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3130322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    286525891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3450039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    286274516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2755980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    184245898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3870166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    130227271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3218551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    286944271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2563725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    182241454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3810932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129471584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3059707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    269556237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3063003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    169565593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3347998547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.396977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.418886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.391069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.364472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.415465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.381152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.396670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.417983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.364071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.414567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.380524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.396670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.417983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.364071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.414567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.380524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93667.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92975.046070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95444.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92000.688901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93661.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93473.358607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91588.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92986.919931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96119.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91897.721345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93278.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91681.019618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91358.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91993.836973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92068.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93661.939503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101471.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94200.235604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        91866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92725.665828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94394.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92886.783880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91958.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93833.966972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91561.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91948.261352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95273.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92545.807005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 84991.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93595.915625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92818.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92064.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92936.173542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 81077.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       107680                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83870.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87515.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93667.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92975.046070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95444.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91988.757510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93661.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93473.358607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91588.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92986.919931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96119.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91897.721345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93278.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91681.019618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91358.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91993.836973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92068.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93666.522066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101471.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94200.235604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        91866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92725.665828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94394.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92886.783880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91958.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93833.966972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91561.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91948.261352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95273.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92545.807005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 84991.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93595.915625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92818.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92055.153637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92935.421152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93667.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92975.046070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95444.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91988.757510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93661.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93473.358607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91588.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92986.919931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96119.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91897.721345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93278.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91681.019618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91358.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91993.836973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92068.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93666.522066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101471.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94200.235604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        91866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92725.665828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94394.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92886.783880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91958.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93833.966972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91561.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91948.261352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95273.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92545.807005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 84991.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93595.915625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92818.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92055.153637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92935.421152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              489.052792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2030839.991886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.052792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.054572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7887828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7887828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7887828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7887828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7887828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7887828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       151689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       151689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       151689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       151689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       151689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       151689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5976762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5976762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5976762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5976762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5976762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5976762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157283.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157283.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157283.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157283.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157283.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157283.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38225.495493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.278547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.721453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    969305643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    969305643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5192639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5192639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    974498282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    974498282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    974498282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    974498282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       962211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105085.173786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105085.173786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91098.929825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91098.929825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104999.276156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104999.276156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104999.276156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104999.276156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    347710569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347710569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1061028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1061028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    348771597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348771597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    348771597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348771597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96265.384551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96265.384551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70735.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70735.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96159.800662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96159.800662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96159.800662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96159.800662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              511.344450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              999391066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1936804.391473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.344450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1171321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1171321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1171321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1171321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1171321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1171321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6652160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6652160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6652160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6652160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6652160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6652160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1171362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1171362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1171362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1171362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1171362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1171362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162247.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162247.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162247.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162247.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162247.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162247.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5679485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5679485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5679485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5679485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5679485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5679485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167043.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167043.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167043.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167043.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167043.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167043.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              158029827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             28769.311305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   223.586006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    32.413994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.873383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.126617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       823844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       696279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1725                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1725                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1520123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1520123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1520123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1520123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2234341450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2234341450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     49798338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49798338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2284139788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2284139788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2284139788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2284139788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       841782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       696701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1725                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1725                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1538483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1538483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1538483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1538483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124559.117516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124559.117516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118005.540284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118005.540284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124408.485185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124408.485185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124408.485185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124408.485185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    524855424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    524855424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1317071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1317071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    526172495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    526172495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    526172495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    526172495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100547.016092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100547.016092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 77474.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77474.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100472.120489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100472.120489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100472.120489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100472.120489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              568.114939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1028874488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1776985.298791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.391939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.723000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.042295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.868146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1159167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1159167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1159167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1159167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1159167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1159167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7707561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7707561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7707561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7707561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7707561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7707561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1159216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1159216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1159216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1159216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1159216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1159216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157297.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157297.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157297.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157297.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157297.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157297.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5802293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5802293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5802293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5802293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5802293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5802293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161174.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161174.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161174.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161174.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161174.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161174.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              405421216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 8003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             50658.655004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.067161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.932839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3027851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3027851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1656561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1656561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4684412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4684412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4684412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4684412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        27246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        27246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3153456582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3153456582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1574281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1574281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3155030863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3155030863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3155030863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3155030863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3055077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3055077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1656581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1656581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4711658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4711658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4711658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4711658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115825.188496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115825.188496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 78714.050000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78714.050000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115797.946965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115797.946965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115797.946965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115797.946965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19499                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19499                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    826335461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    826335461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       403530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       403530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    826738991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    826738991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    826738991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    826738991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106747.895750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106747.895750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        67255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106717.308765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106717.308765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106717.308765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106717.308765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              517.633641                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1003850644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1904839.931689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.633641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.044285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1182963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1182963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1182963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1182963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1182963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1182963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7345281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7345281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7345281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7345281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7345281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7345281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1183010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1183010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1183010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156282.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156282.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156282.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156282.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156282.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156282.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5930095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5930095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5930095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5930095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5930095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5930095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160272.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160272.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160272.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160272.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160272.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160272.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 6962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166885192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             23120.697146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   227.425450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    28.574550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.888381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.111619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       819360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       676982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       676982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1496342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1496342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        17994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        17994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2131996416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2131996416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7044601                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7044601                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2139041017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2139041017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2139041017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2139041017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       837266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       677070                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677070                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1514336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1514336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119066.034625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119066.034625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 80052.284091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80052.284091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118875.237135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118875.237135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118875.237135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118875.237135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        11032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        11032                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11032                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    743654185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743654185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1004376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1004376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    744658561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    744658561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    744658561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    744658561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107046.809414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107046.809414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66958.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66958.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106960.436800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106960.436800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106960.436800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106960.436800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              550.128861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              917913668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1656883.877256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.950552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.178309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.038382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1186223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1186223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1186223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1186223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1186223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5442394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5442394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5442394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5442394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5442394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5442394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1186255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1186255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1186255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170074.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170074.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170074.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170074.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170074.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170074.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4561185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4561185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4561185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4561185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4561185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4561185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168932.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168932.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168932.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168932.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168932.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168932.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              204769483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35848.999125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   191.937085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    64.062915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.749754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.250246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1766455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1766455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       323159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2089614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2089614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2089614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2089614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2057189648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2057189648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2976090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2976090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2060165738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2060165738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2060165738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2060165738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1785408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       323189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2108597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2108597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2108597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2108597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108541.637102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108541.637102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        99203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108526.878681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108526.878681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108526.878681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108526.878681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13527                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13527                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    552977079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552977079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       498176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       498176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    553475255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    553475255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    553475255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    553475255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101463.684220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101463.684220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83029.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83029.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101443.411840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101443.411840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101443.411840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101443.411840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              551.368921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              917913876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1650924.237410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.190594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.178327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.040370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1186431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1186431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1186431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1186431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1186431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5882641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5882641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5882641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5882641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5882641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5882641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1186467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1186467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1186467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163406.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163406.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163406.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163406.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163406.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163406.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4851184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4851184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4851184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4851184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4851184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4851184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167282.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167282.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167282.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167282.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167282.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167282.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5441                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              204769403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35943.374232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   191.525559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    64.474441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.748147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.251853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1766413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1766413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       323124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2089537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2089537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2089537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2089537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2064358307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2064358307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2752784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2752784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2067111091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2067111091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2067111091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2067111091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1785435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       323154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2108589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2108589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2108589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2108589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108524.776942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108524.776942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91759.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91759.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108498.377651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108498.377651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108498.377651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108498.377651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    553455205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553455205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       458436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       458436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    553913641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    553913641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    553913641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    553913641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101831.684453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101831.684453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        76406                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76406                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101803.646572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101803.646572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101803.646572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101803.646572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              552.212975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              917913665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1642063.801431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.452990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.759986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.042393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1186220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1186220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1186220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1186220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1186220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6613347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6613347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6613347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6613347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6613347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6613347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1186261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1186261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1186261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161301.146341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161301.146341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161301.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161301.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161301.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161301.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5446757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5446757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5446757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5446757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5446757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5446757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170211.156250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170211.156250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170211.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170211.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170211.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170211.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5444                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              204769443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35924.463684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   191.301920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    64.698080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.747273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.252727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1766170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1766170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       323406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2089576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2089576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2089576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2089576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2050123068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2050123068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2745450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2745450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2052868518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2052868518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2052868518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2052868518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1785071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       323436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2108507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2108507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2108507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2108507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108466.381038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108466.381038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        91515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        91515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108439.518145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108439.518145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108439.518145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108439.518145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    552016096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552016096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       450252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       450252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    552466348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    552466348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    552466348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    552466348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101510.867231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101510.867231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        75042                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75042                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101481.695077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101481.695077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101481.695077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101481.695077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              568.172127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1028873720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1780058.339100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.811330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   542.360797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.041364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.869168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1158399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1158399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1158399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1158399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1158399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7871703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7871703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7871703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7871703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7871703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7871703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1158443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1158443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1158443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178902.340909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178902.340909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178902.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178902.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178902.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178902.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6478674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6478674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6478674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6478674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6478674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6478674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 185104.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185104.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 185104.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185104.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 185104.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185104.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              405423867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             50482.364214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.076304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.923696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.433892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.566108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3029108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3029108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1657950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4687058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4687058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4687058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4687058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        27588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        27588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3196860800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3196860800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2165223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2165223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3199026023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3199026023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3199026023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3199026023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3056676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1657970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4714646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4714646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4714646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4714646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115962.739408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115962.739408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108261.150000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108261.150000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115957.156119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115957.156119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115957.156119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115957.156119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    834323892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    834323892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       558381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       558381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    834882273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    834882273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    834882273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    834882273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107391.413567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107391.413567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93063.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93063.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107380.356656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107380.356656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107380.356656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107380.356656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              568.280075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1028873746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1780058.384083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    26.161000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   542.119075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1158425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1158425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1158425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1158425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1158425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8494372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8494372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8494372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8494372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8494372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8494372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1158469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1158469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1158469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 193053.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193053.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 193053.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193053.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 193053.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193053.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6698510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6698510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6698510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6698510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6698510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6698510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       191386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       191386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       191386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       191386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       191386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       191386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7777                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              405424202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 8033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             50469.837172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.083318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.916682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3029350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3029350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1658004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1658004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4687354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4687354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4687354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4687354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        27555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        27555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3192392064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3192392064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1469249                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1469249                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3193861313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3193861313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3193861313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3193861313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3056887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1658022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1658022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4714909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4714909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4714909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4714909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115931.004249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115931.004249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81624.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81624.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115908.594193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115908.594193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115908.594193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115908.594193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19778                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19778                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    833345774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    833345774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       405271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    833751045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    833751045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    833751045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    833751045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107237.906833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107237.906833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67545.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67545.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107207.283657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107207.283657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107207.283657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107207.283657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              551.390389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              917913367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1645006.034050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.630059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.760331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.041074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.842565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1185922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1185922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1185922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1185922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1185922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1185922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6042140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6042140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6042140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6042140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6042140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6042140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1185958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1185958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1185958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1185958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1185958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1185958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167837.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167837.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167837.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167837.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167837.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167837.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5205396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5205396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5205396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5205396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5205396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5205396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       167916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       167916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       167916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5436                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              204768921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35974.863141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   189.773984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    66.226016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.741305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.258695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1766007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1766007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       323051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2089058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2089058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2089058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2089058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        18931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        18931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2066311598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2066311598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2703752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2703752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2069015350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2069015350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2069015350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2069015350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1784908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1784908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       323081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          756                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2107989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2107989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2107989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2107989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109322.871700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109322.871700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90125.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90125.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109292.448893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109292.448893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109292.448893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109292.448893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13495                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13495                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    555005566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555005566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       405115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    555410681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555410681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    555410681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    555410681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102210.969797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102210.969797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67519.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67519.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102172.678624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102172.678624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102172.678624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102172.678624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              511.013321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998099855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1926833.696911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.013321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.057714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1187384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1187384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1187384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1187384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1187384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8684901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8684901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8684901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8684901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8684901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8684901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1187438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1187438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1187438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160831.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160831.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160831.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160831.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160831.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160831.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7030614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7030614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7030614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7030614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7030614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7030614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163502.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163502.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163502.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163502.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163502.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163502.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3904                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152132308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36570.266346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.089651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.910349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.871444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.128556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       816881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       686464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1503345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1503345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1503345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1503345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        12625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        12625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1496891964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1496891964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9485717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9485717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1506377681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1506377681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1506377681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1506377681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       829398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       686572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1515970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1515970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119588.716466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119588.716466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87830.712963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87830.712963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119317.044040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119317.044040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119317.044040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119317.044040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    393975257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393975257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1292814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1292814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    395268071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    395268071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    395268071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    395268071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101383.236490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101383.236490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        71823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101246.944416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101246.944416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101246.944416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101246.944416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              568.120284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1028873694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1776983.927461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.000687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   542.119597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.041668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1158373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1158373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1158373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1158373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1158373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7374424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7374424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7374424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7374424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7374424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7374424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1158419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1158419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1158419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160313.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160313.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160313.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160313.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160313.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160313.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5962703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5962703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5962703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5962703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5962703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5962703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165630.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165630.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165630.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165630.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165630.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165630.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7774                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              405423736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             50488.634620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.083145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.916855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3029068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3029068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1657817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4686885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4686885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4686885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4686885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        27594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        27594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3190010182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3190010182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1525225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1525225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3191535407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3191535407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3191535407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3191535407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3056643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1657836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4714479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4714479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4714479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4714479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115684.866074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115684.866074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        80275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        80275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115660.484417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115660.484417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115660.484417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115660.484417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    831059691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    831059691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       408181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       408181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    831467872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    831467872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    831467872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    831467872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106985.027163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106985.027163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68030.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68030.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106954.961667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106954.961667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106954.961667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106954.961667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              549.974734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              917913442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1650923.456835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.796550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.178184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1185997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1185997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1185997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1185997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1185997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1185997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5752483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5752483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5752483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5752483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5752483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5752483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1186032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1186032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1186032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164356.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164356.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164356.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164356.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164356.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164356.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4934439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4934439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4934439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4934439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4934439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4934439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170153.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170153.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170153.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170153.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170153.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170153.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5444                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              204770039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35924.568246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   191.530370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    64.469630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.748166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.251834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1766569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1766569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       323593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          770                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          770                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2090162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2090162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2090162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2090162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2062449334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2062449334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2832314                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2832314                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2065281648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2065281648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2065281648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2065281648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1785534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       323623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2109157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2109157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2109157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2109157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108750.294437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108750.294437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94410.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94410.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108727.646644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108727.646644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108727.646644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108727.646644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    555194932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555194932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       461901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       461901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    555656833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555656833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    555656833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    555656833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102095.426995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102095.426995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76983.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76983.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102067.750367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102067.750367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102067.750367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102067.750367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              510.630135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              998099853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1926833.693050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.630135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1187382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1187382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1187382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1187382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1187382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8643347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8643347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8643347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8643347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8643347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8643347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1187435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1187435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1187435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163082.018868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163082.018868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163082.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163082.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163082.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163082.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7108260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7108260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7108260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7108260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7108260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7108260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165308.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165308.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165308.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165308.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165308.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165308.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3910                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              152133081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             36517.782285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.233450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.766550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.872006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.127994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       817211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       686859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1504070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1504070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1504070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1504070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        12644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        12644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1494976670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1494976670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8975311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8975311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1503951981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1503951981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1503951981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1503951981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       829750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       686964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1516714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1516714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119226.148018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119226.148018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85479.152381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85479.152381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118945.901693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118945.901693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118945.901693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118945.901693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    393386134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393386134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1213503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1213503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    394599637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    394599637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    394599637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    394599637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101075.573998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101075.573998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67416.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67416.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100920.623274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100920.623274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100920.623274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100920.623274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.035717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1003850675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1904839.990512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.035717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.044929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1182994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1182994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1182994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1182994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1182994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1182994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7424001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7424001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7424001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7424001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7424001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7424001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1183043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1183043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1183043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151510.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151510.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151510.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151510.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151510.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151510.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5727793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5727793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5727793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5727793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5727793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5727793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154805.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154805.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154805.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154805.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154805.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154805.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6947                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166885565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             23168.896987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.261384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.738616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.887740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.112260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       819523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       677177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1877                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1877                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1496700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1496700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2123864899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2123864899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7461084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7461084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2131325983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2131325983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2131325983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2131325983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       837348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       677267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1877                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1877                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1514615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1514615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119150.905975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119150.905975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82900.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82900.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118968.796148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118968.796148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118968.796148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118968.796148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    743217569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743217569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1007395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1007395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    744224964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    744224964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    744224964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    744224964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107215.460040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107215.460040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67159.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67159.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107128.971355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107128.971355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107128.971355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107128.971355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              511.546893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              999390421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1936803.141473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    29.546893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.047351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1170676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1170676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1170676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1170676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1170676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1170676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6404059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6404059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6404059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6404059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6404059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6404059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1170716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1170716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1170716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1170716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1170716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1170716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160101.475000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160101.475000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160101.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160101.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160101.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160101.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5561382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5561382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5561382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5561382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5561382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5561382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163570.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163570.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163570.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163570.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163570.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163570.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              158029563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             28779.741941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   223.703797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    32.296203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.873843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.126157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       823573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       696399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1613                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1613                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1600                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1600                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1519972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1519972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1519972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1519972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2262520298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2262520298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     50687179                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     50687179                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2313207477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2313207477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2313207477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2313207477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       841684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       696818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1613                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1613                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1600                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1600                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1538502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1538502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1538502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1538502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000601                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000601                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124925.200044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124925.200044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120971.787589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120971.787589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124835.805559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124835.805559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124835.805559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124835.805559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    524979843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    524979843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1323534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1323534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    526303377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    526303377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    526303377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    526303377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100609.398812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100609.398812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77854.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77854.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100535.506590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100535.506590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100535.506590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100535.506590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
