
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012373                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12373142268                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537200735805                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 374987                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   481494                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 292867                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67762116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42248.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15842585792                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20342335113                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       428416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       270080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       164608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       120960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       269056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       120960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       268672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       454016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       454784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       270208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4054400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1004032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1004032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            7844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 7844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       341385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     34624673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21827923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13303654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9776013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       331040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21745163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9776013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       300005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21714128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36693670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36755740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       331040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21838268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               327677474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       341385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       331040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       300005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       331040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5751813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          81146081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               81146081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          81146081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       341385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     34624673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21827923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13303654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9776013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       331040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21745163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9776013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       300005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21714128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36693670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36755740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       331040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21838268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              408823554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2080485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11810643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2080485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2472148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        598907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       980800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21546229     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133524      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210983      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336437      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139210      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155928      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166470      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108764      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220832      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19981117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1177690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2464188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       341044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14416432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20012526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        260604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       825274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        91322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14406460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        34159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5543                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20000173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67010270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67010270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2976158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          273976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4134859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18282526     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302822      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258189      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858593      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803240      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229388      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180506      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61062      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42051      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3177     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9589     38.29%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11394115     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215284      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257515      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733197      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.458407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51264597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        168674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1886609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.451819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13380810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13380615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7824007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20436981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.450954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18652360     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411212     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938521      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505979      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377329      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210594      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131198      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115914      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286266      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       286266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37733151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29169275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                329241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               5653428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.967180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.967180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.337020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.337020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60452600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18547943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13449279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2083339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1703797                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853147                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818089                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213517                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9091                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20208320                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11826850                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2083339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1031606                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2475583                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        600860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       985752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1244703                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206623                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24060422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21584839     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         134060      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         210622      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         336472      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         139747      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         156022      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         166989      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         109531      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1222140      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24060422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070213                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398589                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20014495                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1181476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2467666                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       390491                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       341295                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14437773                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1614                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       390491                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20045658                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        252731                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       837414                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2443282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        90841                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14427376                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        24816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        33845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5905                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     20028986                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     67109732                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     67109732                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17042088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2986884                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3754                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          272186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1376191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       738908                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22225                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       169458                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14407226                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3766                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13617361                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17849                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1854188                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4165909                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          443                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24060422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18317144     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2306313      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1259200      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860759      3.58%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803561      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229922      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180223      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61221      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42079      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24060422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3188     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9648     38.33%     51.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12334     49.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11406937     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215381      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1648      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259396      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733999      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13617361                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.458933                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25170                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51338163                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16265327                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13395458                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13642531                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40650                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251430                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          149                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23921                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          870                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       390491                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        159664                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12653                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14411015                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          874                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1376191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738908                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9432                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          149                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119103                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118072                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       237175                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13421271                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183506                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       196090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1917146                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1888263                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           733640                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.452324                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13395651                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13395458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7831793                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20461502                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.451454                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382757                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10010658                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12270242                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2140842                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3323                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       209709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23669931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18687233     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2413450     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       940227      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       506051      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378213      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211336      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131076      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116563      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285782      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23669931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10010658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12270242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1839748                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1124761                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1761512                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11056208                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       249261                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       285782                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37795168                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29212695                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                329726                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               5611383                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10010658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12270242                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10010658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.964021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.964021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       60518749                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18569031                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13466696                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               29671804                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2020430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1808619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366284                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333552                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118113                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21435241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11489008                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2020430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1451665                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2560451                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        536804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       885092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1298443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159224                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     25254184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22693733     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         394747      1.56%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         193348      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         390655      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         120034      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         363500      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          55834      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          90262      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         952071      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     25254184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.387203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21252028                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1073581                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2555240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       185718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2054                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12811112                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4843                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21273458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        729850                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       276328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2533566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        69656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12790846                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        52568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16718499                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     57911075                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     57911075                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     13497304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3221195                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1677                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          855                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          165536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2348012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       365392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3144                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        82094                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12724137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1681                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11895194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2343664                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4819546                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25254184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20042261     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1616922      6.40%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771666      7.02%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1014596      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519986      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130829      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151338      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3653      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2933      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25254184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19435     56.96%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8130     23.83%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6554     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9302036     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90830      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2139789     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361716      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11895194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.400892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34119                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49086594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15069519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11589442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11929313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9354                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488563                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        654345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12725831                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2348012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          852                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4311                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          253                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109284                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62616                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       171900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11746915                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2109938                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2471605                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1788588                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           361667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.395895                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11592740                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11589442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7020868                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        15144995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.390588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463577                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9234051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     10364857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2361474                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       161345                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24882862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21039282     84.55%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1498477      6.02%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972678      3.91%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306393      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513109      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97763      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62258      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56170      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336732      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24882862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9234051                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     10364857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2215242                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1859449                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1592832                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9049111                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       126709                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       336732                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37272422                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25824274                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                485558                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               4417620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9234051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            10364857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9234051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.213303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.213303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.311206                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.311206                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       54658646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15064700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13663899                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2301451                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1883462                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227703                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       972051                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906073                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10318                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22207874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12862783                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2301451                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1143661                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2686739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        619480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1217222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1360094                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     26500683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23813944     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         125802      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         200104      0.76%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         269312      1.02%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         276402      1.04%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         233806      0.88%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         131472      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         194940      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1254901      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     26500683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.433502                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       21981898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1445411                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2681661                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         3123                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       388587                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       378259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15786722                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       388587                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22042344                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        222861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1084052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2625080                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       137756                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15780216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        19817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        59423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     22023692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     73406783                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     73406783                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     19093819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2929870                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3862                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1983                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          413273                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1480712                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       799412                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9238                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       227793                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15758639                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3875                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14971783                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2231                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1735592                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4143151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26500683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20132778     75.97%     75.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2645821      9.98%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1332463      5.03%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       981498      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       774484      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315626      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199817      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103994      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14202      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26500683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2718     10.84%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9138     36.46%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13207     52.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12592604     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222682      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1357844      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       796776      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14971783                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.504579                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25063                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56471543                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17498172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14742939                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14996846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29702                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240318                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10333                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       388587                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        190517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13403                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15762540                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1480712                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799412                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11277                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132549                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       259868                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14761599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276784                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2073477                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2097731                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           796693                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.497496                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14743074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14742939                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8463989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        22810905                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.496867                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371050                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11130416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13696015                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2066533                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3787                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       230326                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26112096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20465914     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2811513     10.77%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1050767      4.02%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499926      1.91%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       439805      1.68%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       243439      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       201495      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96091      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303146      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26112096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11130416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13696015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2029471                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1240392                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1974994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12340016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       282099                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       303146                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           41571420                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          31913704                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                338539                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3171122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11130416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13696015                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11130416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.665831                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.665831                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.375118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.375118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       66439870                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      20539970                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14631082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2576220                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2145160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235699                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976973                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939669                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276582                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10911                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22406687                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             14132686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2576220                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1216251                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2944401                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        657404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2008165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1392979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225342                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     27783934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       24839533     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         180105      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         226890      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         362361      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         151535      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         194981      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         227478      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         104992      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1496059      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     27783934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086824                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22279691                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2153168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2930336                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       419268                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       391720                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     17274926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       419268                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22302994                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         72280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2017172                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2908446                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        63766                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     17167182                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        44292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     23976143                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     79825882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     79825882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     20031308                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3944835                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4139                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          224544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1609202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       840202                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9488                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       190034                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16759588                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        16067269                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16868                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2052076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4195233                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27783934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20976544     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103883     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269252      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       713056      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       962639      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297798      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291625      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156678      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12459      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27783934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110907     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15149     10.79%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14363     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13535676     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219559      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1987      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472625      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837422      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     16067269                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.541500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140419                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60075759                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18815921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15648341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     16207688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12065                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307286                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12739                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       419268                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         55308                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16763745                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1609202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840202                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6044                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139084                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132773                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       271857                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15787342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1448173                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       279927                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2285469                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2231847                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           837296                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532065                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15648431                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15648341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         9374473                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        25187950                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527381                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11653666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     14360051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2403744                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       237499                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27364666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21286056     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3080404     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119150      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       557031      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509893      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213898      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211871      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100938      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285425      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27364666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11653666                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     14360051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2129379                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1301916                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          2081270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12928916                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       296550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       285425                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           43842958                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          33946875                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                341960                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1887871                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11653666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            14360051                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11653666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.546135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.546135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       71032486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      21866669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15974947                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2574933                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2143843                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235579                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977323                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939209                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276685                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22391859                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             14125153                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2574933                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1215894                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2943276                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        657615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2020759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1392225                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225247                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     27781861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       24838585     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         180278      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         226255      0.81%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         362039      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         152050      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         195176      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         227027      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         105061      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1495390      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     27781861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086780                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.476046                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22266160                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2165351                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2929292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1447                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       419610                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       391776                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     17268741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1647                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       419610                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22289275                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         71507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2030405                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2907535                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        63521                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     17161916                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        44089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     23965879                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     79801419                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     79801419                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     20017952                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3947918                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         4123                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2138                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          223753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1610087                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       839906                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9263                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       190282                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         16754149                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        16060333                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17176                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2055387                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4207727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          133                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27781861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20977791     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3101887     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268709      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712933      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       961977      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298146      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291648      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156457      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12313      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27781861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110703     78.89%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15269     10.88%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14345     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13528938     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219339      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1985      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472889      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837182      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     16060333                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.541266                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140317                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008737                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60060019                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18813775                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15640619                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     16200650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11810                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       309041                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13013                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       419610                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         54717                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6833                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16758289                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1610087                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839906                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5957                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138898                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132751                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       271649                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15780152                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447872                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       280180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2284927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2230791                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           837055                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.531823                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             15640716                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            15640619                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         9369686                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        25175378                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527121                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372177                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11645936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     14350496                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2407833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       237368                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27362251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21287739     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3078558     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118242      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556240      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509706      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213747      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211946      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       101085      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284988      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27362251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11645936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     14350496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2127939                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1301046                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          2079883                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        12920322                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       296356                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       284988                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           43835514                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          33936287                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                341751                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1889944                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11645936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            14350496                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11645936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.547825                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.547825                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392492                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392492                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       70998290                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      21854562                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      15966546                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2022464                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1810018                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163157                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1369496                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1334426                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118169                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4814                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21454307                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11496591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2022464                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1452595                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2561574                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        538473                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       914745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2173                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1299943                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159897                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     25307250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       22745676     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         394510      1.56%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         193050      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         390604      1.54%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         120792      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         363548      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          56208      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          90550      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         952312      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     25307250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068161                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.387458                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21273422                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1103060                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2556329                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2067                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       372368                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       186450                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2057                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12819837                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4854                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       372368                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21294861                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        745597                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       290487                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2534666                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        69267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12799444                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        52127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     16731284                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     57946389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     57946389                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     13497857                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3233417                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1668                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          164534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2347458                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       365322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3038                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        81660                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12731397                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1672                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11900810                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8213                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2350429                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4829446                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25307250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20092723     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1618920      6.40%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771046      7.00%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015516      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519984      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130557      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151948      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3607      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2949      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25307250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19573     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8143     23.75%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6569     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9307201     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90792      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2140325     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361669      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11900810                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.401081                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34285                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49151368                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15083545                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11594056                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11935095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9044                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       487859                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       372368                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        670348                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8580                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12733083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2347458                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4304                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          258                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109967                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62802                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       172769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11751993                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2110335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2471946                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1789168                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           361611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.396066                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11597291                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11594056                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7021561                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        15151025                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.390743                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.463438                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9234527                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10365333                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2368270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1659                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       161955                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24934882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21090864     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1499372      6.01%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972396      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305629      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513481      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97995      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62275      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56227      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336643      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24934882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9234527                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10365333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2215391                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1859595                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1592909                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9049514                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       126711                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       336643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37331803                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25839871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                485949                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4364555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9234527                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10365333                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9234527                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.213138                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.213138                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.311222                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.311222                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       54680143                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      15071957                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13671378                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1656                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2576530                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2145385                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977617                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939842                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         277184                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10967                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22412707                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             14136806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2576530                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1217026                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2945075                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        658260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1994504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1393543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     27777600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.989128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       24832525     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         180181      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         225568      0.81%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         362589      1.31%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         152151      0.55%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         195225      0.70%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         227884      0.82%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         105488      0.38%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1495989      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     27777600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.476439                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22286118                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2139097                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2931042                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1444                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       419898                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       391795                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     17281799                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       419898                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22309169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         71571                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2004042                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2909411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        63501                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     17175233                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        44192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     23986104                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     79867005                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     79867005                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     20037333                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3948708                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         4121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          223222                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1610900                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       840625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       190023                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16768931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4133                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        16076881                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2057302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4202464                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27777600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20968049     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103685     11.17%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269625      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712840      2.57%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       964116      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298254      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291919      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156718      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12394      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27777600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110825     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15208     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14366     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13542779     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219740      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1987      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1474478      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837897      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     16076881                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140399                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60088704                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18830471                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15655666                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     16217280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11754                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308574                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12913                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       419898                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         54825                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6911                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16773070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1610900                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6042                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139058                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       271973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15795473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1449232                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2286998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2232385                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           837766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532339                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15655756                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15655666                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         9380377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        25205476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527628                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372156                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11657153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14364385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2408678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       237719                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27357702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21277371     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3081414     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119332      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556971      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510110      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       214142      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211911      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100830      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285621      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27357702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11657153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14364385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2130011                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1302311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          2081911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12932825                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       296648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       285621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           43845066                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          33966112                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                342066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1894205                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11657153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14364385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11657153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.545373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.545373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       71068978                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      21877233                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15979684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2023317                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1811432                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163238                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1367678                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1335754                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118241                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4828                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21481906                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11506371                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2023317                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1453995                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2565107                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        538318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       890157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1301267                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     25311391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       22746284     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         395113      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         193823      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         391441      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         120985      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         363951      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          56284      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          89922      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         953588      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     25311391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.387788                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       21298239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1079138                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2559769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2099                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       372142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       185845                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2054                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12833187                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4857                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       372142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       21319705                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        733692                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       278141                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2538050                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        69657                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12812409                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        52484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     16747125                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     58012217                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     58012217                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     13521416                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3225703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1681                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          165803                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2351682                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       366150                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3261                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        82381                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12745642                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1687                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11916215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7971                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2347085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4827572                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25311391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20088946     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1621826      6.41%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1773733      7.01%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1016934      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       520995      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131136      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151230      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3647      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2944      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25311391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19367     56.83%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8146     23.91%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6563     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9318851     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        91001      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          825      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2143061     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       362477      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11916215                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.401601                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34076                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49185867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15094449                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11608817                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     11950291                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9186                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       489866                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       372142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        657595                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12747344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1533                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2351682                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       366150                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          856                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4343                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          266                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109960                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62718                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       172678                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11767103                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2112897                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2475325                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1790895                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           362428                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.396575                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11612024                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11608817                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7031717                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        15176261                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.391241                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.463337                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9249172                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     10382639                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2365220                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1664                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       162040                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24939249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21088249     84.56%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1501830      6.02%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       973985      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       307403      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       514163      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97980      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62334      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56366      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336939      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24939249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9249172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     10382639                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2218439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1861815                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1595455                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         9064925                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       127010                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       336939                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37350130                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          25868154                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                486399                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               4360414                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9249172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            10382639                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9249172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.208050                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.208050                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.311716                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.311716                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       54751105                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      15090987                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13683864                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1662                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2031990                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1832914                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       107933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       792618                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724798                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111706                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4805                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21541726                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12766457                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2031990                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       836504                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2524495                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        340780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2767242                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1237145                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108165                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     27064966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       24540471     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          89883      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         184519      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          77874      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         418800      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         374461      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          72131      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         150642      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1156185      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     27064966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21322897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2989061                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2515151                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7933                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       229921                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       178796                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14966926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1504                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       229921                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21351229                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2772532                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       119362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2497664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        94255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14957802                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           60                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        48420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        31158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          785                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17565972                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     70438492                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     70438492                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15548320                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2017645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1747                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          890                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          219861                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3527143                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1783039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16449                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        86771                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14927023                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14334959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8368                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1175031                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2833756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27064966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21918058     80.98%     80.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1569235      5.80%     86.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1273989      4.71%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       549107      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686376      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650509      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369939      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29282      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18471      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27064966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36108     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275454     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8054      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8993223     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125236      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          857      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3437351     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1778292     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14334959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.483117                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319616                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022296                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56062868                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16104206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14212312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14654575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25807                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       139991                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          403                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12172                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1265                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       229921                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2700614                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27376                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14928795                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3527143                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1783039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          889                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          403                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64003                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       126012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14235302                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3426106                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99657                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5204225                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1865511                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1778119                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.479759                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14212800                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14212312                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7677866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        15153109                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.478984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506686                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11540504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13561559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1368943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       110088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26835045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21899085     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1814830      6.76%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846863      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832533      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230369      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953256      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72126      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52972      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133011      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26835045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11540504                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13561559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5158019                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3387152                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1790594                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12059571                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       131258                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       133011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           41632497                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30090948                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                463983                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2606839                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11540504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13561559                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11540504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.571101                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.571101                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.388938                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.388938                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       70371261                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16506737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      17817068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2574884                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2143805                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977302                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939189                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276671                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22391117                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             14124881                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2574884                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1215860                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2943216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        657601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2026214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1392176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27785562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24842346     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         180269      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         226253      0.81%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         362028      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         152040      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         195173      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         227025      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         105056      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1495372      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27785562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476037                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22264476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2170815                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2929221                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1447                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       419602                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       391767                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     17268365                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1647                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       419602                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22287595                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         71497                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2035874                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2907457                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        63529                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     17161493                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        44090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     23965207                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     79799453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     79799453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     20017223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3947934                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          223788                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1610046                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       839890                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9260                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       190283                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         16753673                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4133                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        16059871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17161                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2055340                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4207484                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27785562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20981839     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3101696     11.16%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268634      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712803      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       961992      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298153      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291663      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156469      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12313      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27785562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110711     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15267     10.88%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14345     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13528533     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219338      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1985      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472854      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837161      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     16059871                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.541250                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140323                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008737                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60062788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18813248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15640150                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     16200194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11808                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       309025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13012                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       419602                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         54706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16757809                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1610046                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839890                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2135                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5956                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138895                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132749                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       271644                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15779688                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447841                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       280183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2284875                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2230745                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           837034                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.531807                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             15640247                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            15640150                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         9369364                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        25174600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527105                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372175                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11645490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     14350011                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2407779                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       237362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27365960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21291700     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3078422     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118191      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556210      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509676      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213749      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211939      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       101090      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284983      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27365960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11645490                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     14350011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2127874                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1301008                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1996                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          2079835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12919876                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       296351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       284983                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           43838689                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          33935260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                341742                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1886243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11645490                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            14350011                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11645490                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.547922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.547922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.392477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.392477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       70996146                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      21853841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15966214                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2299643                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1881651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227260                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       970207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         904890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237540                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10267                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22171637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12851078                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2299643                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1142430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2684180                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        617872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1169706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1358134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227272                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     26413971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23729791     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         125529      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         199447      0.76%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         269618      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         276265      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         234241      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         131248      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         194087      0.73%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1253745      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     26413971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.433107                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21946872                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1397465                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2679105                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         3105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       387421                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       378274                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15771006                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       387421                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22006983                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        202452                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1057280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2622842                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       136990                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15764407                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        19573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        59212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     22002296                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     73330170                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     73330170                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     19078599                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2923648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3870                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1992                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          411049                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1478231                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       799080                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9269                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       216086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15743231                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3884                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14959502                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1728696                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4123921                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          100                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26413971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20061672     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2629541      9.96%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1328553      5.03%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       986048      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       775798      2.94%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314987      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199284      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103824      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14264      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26413971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2633     10.46%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9141     36.32%     46.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13392     53.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12582285     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222673      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1875      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1356307      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       796362      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14959502                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.504166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25166                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56360517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17475873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14731517                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14984668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30855                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238844                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10653                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       387421                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        170156                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13395                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15747138                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4944                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1478231                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799080                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1995                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11288                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131942                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127574                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       259516                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14750067                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276056                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2072340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2096797                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           796284                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.497107                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14731635                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14731517                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8457275                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22788267                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.496482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11121475                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13685003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2062122                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3784                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       229881                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26026550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20393203     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2800467     10.76%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1050886      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500316      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434530      1.67%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242698      0.93%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204802      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95790      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303858      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26026550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11121475                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13685003                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2027811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1239384                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1973417                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12330064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       281863                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       303858                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           41469739                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          31881715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                337966                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3257834                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11121475                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13685003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11121475                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.667974                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.667974                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374816                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374816                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       66386299                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      20524148                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14618556                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3780                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2034581                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1835276                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108220                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       769393                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         725168                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111842                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4745                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21562425                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12784121                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2034581                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       837010                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2528776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        342274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2783297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1238835                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108489                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     27105876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       24577100     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          90452      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         185209      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          77981      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         419013      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         374970      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          71696      0.26%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         150763      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1158692      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     27105876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068570                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430851                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       21337211                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      3010180                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2519256                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         8095                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       231131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       179016                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14991017                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       231131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       21365806                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2793837                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       118356                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2501879                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        94864                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14981800                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           52                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        48817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        31434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          794                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17597827                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     70552677                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     70552677                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15565329                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2032486                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1751                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          892                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          222116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3531627                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1784047                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16574                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        87325                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14950379                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1756                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14352180                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8716                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1183649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2866813                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27105876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21952163     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1571646      5.80%     86.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1274384      4.70%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       550902      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688948      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650114      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369804      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29446      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18469      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27105876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36394     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275405     86.10%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8076      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9006930     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125433      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          858      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3439751     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1779208     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14352180                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.483698                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319875                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022288                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56138827                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16136188                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14228501                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14672055                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26338                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       142630                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          407                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12144                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1261                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       231131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2721652                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27766                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14952152                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3531627                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1784047                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17069                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          407                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61770                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64658                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       126428                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14251980                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3428814                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            5207825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1867652                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1779011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.480321                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14228995                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14228501                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7689746                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        15187847                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.479529                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506309                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11551240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13574627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1379098                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       110363                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26874745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21932952     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1818782      6.77%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       847333      3.15%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832914      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       231166      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952187      3.54%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72732      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52986      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133693      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26874745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11551240                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13574627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              5160893                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3388990                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1792479                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        12071278                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       131496                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       133693                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           41694738                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          30138613                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                464202                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2565929                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11551240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13574627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11551240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.568712                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.568712                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.389300                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.389300                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       70447249                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16527743                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      17837625                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2300728                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1882480                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227409                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       970911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         905445                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237690                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10274                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22183225                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12856716                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2300728                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1143135                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2685314                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        618265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1142754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1358825                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227422                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     26399949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23714635     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         125550      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         199533      0.76%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         269593      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         276445      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         234298      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         131577      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         194146      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1254172      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     26399949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.433297                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       21958233                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1370699                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2680225                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         3124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       387665                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       378522                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15777932                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       387665                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22018458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        205470                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1027241                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2623864                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       137248                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15771327                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        19621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        59314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     22011226                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     73362518                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     73362518                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     19086113                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2925107                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3873                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1994                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          411631                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1478905                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       799363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9289                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       216140                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15750182                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3886                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14966018                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2389                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1729876                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4126657                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26399949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20044886     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2630795      9.97%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1329082      5.03%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       986203      3.74%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       776305      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315229      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199327      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103853      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14269      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26399949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2634     10.46%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9144     36.33%     46.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13393     53.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12587766     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222767      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1356954      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       796655      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14966018                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.504385                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25171                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56359545                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17484006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14737712                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14991189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30883                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239010                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10616                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       387665                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        173143                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13404                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15754091                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4931                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1478905                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1997                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11299                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132000                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127638                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       259638                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14756245                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276511                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2073088                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2097722                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           796577                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.497315                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14737830                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14737712                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8460681                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        22798505                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.496691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11125872                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13690473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2063625                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3784                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       230030                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26012284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20376730     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2801725     10.77%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1051217      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500316      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434746      1.67%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242772      0.93%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204958      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95786      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304034      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26012284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11125872                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13690473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2028638                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1239891                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1974240                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12334978                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       281984                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       304034                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           41462270                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          31895882                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                338184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3271856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11125872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13690473                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11125872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.666920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.666920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       66414296                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      20532268                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14624837                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3780                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2299174                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1881187                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227225                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       970273                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         904833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237519                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10269                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22168270                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12848322                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2299174                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1142352                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2683515                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        617779                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1161069                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1357884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     26401244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       23717729     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         125450      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         199399      0.76%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         269405      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         276250      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         234153      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         131480      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         194025      0.73%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1253353      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     26401244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.433015                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       21943427                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1388904                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2678421                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         3126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       387363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       378280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15767504                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       387363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22003618                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        211385                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1039583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2622099                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       137193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15760865                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        19646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        59274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     21996665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     73313818                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     73313818                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     19073759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2922899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3872                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1994                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          411418                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1477905                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       798859                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9286                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       216011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         15739714                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3886                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        14956141                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2382                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1728557                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4123500                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26401244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20050316     75.94%     75.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2629139      9.96%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1328209      5.03%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       985587      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       775699      2.94%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315041      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199212      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103778      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14263      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26401244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2634     10.47%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9142     36.33%     46.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13387     53.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12579433     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222615      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1875      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1356063      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       796155      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     14956141                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.504052                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25163                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56341071                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17472219                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14728033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14981304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30865                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238815                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10608                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       387363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        179101                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15743623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4933                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1477905                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       798859                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1997                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11264                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131904                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127527                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       259431                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14746556                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1275690                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209585                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2071767                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2096315                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           796077                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.496989                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14728151                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14728033                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8455175                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        22783387                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.496365                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371111                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11118695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     13681589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2062038                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3784                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       229846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26013881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20381951     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2799958     10.76%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1050508      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499985      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434510      1.67%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242607      0.93%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204793      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95725      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303844      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26013881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     11118695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     13681589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2027336                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1239087                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1972913                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        12327017                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       281800                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       303844                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           41453586                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          31874641                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                337947                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3270561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          11118695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            13681589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     11118695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.668641                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.668641                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.374723                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.374723                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       66370829                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      20518767                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14615342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3780                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2018972                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1807211                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162999                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366730                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333424                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117677                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4751                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21428241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11478827                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2018972                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1451101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2557484                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        538129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       898249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1298298                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159618                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25258245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       22700761     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         393966      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         192655      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         390118      1.54%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         120428      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         363236      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          56165      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          90497      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         950419      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25258245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068043                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.386860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       21243750                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1088063                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2552216                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2021                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       372191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       185783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2055                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12797636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4877                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       372191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       21265290                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        728821                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       291792                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2530456                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        69691                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12777033                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        52730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16698069                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     57842123                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     57842123                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     13469287                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3228761                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          850                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          165390                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2346164                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       364302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3165                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        82136                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12709241                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11878890                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2348895                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4830439                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25258245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20051870     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1616488      6.40%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1769090      7.00%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013915      4.01%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519022      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130223      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151120      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3582      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2935      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25258245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19361     56.91%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8117     23.86%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6542     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9288135     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90510      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          821      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2138825     18.01%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       360599      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11878890                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.400343                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34020                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49058126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15059849                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11572161                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     11912910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488992                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9617                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       372191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        652790                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8636                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12710931                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2346164                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          848                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4372                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          266                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110015                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62512                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       172527                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11730546                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2108670                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2469219                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1785961                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           360549                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.395343                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11575444                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11572161                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7008464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        15114103                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.390005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.463704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9217131                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     10344362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2367083                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1656                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       161801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24886054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21049602     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1496544      6.01%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       970415      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       304855      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       512611      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97936      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62102      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56225      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       335764      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24886054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9217131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     10344362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2211857                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1857172                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1589810                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9030758                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       126306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       335764                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37261696                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25795383                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                485526                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               4413560                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9217131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            10344362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9217131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.219202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.219202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.310636                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.310636                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       54582460                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      15040666                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13650828                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1654                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3350                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.561345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         123678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        22.911819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.728573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   929.261373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1086.436600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.453741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.530487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4013                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3350                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3096365750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3150663298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104451293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3158748841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104451293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3158748841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935175.400181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941902.331241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936203.646864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942910.101791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936203.646864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942910.101791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2805632417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856944765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813278960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864591308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813278960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864591308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847367.084567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854094.100149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848395.343788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855101.882985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848395.343788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855101.882985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3380                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.572878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         123689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        22.787214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.194832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.204675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   933.709540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1083.463831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.455913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.529035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4024                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4025                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3347                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3380                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57412365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3045760365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3103172730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8975675                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8975675                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57412365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3054736040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3112148405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57412365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3054736040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3112148405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              7390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.456698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.456448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.456448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1739768.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 911358.577199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919458.586667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1795135                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1795135                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1739768.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 912678.828802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 920753.965976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1739768.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 912678.828802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 920753.965976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                515                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     515                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54514965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2752278491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2806793456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8536675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8536675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54514965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2760815166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2815330131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54514965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2760815166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2815330131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1651968.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 823542.337223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831642.505481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1707335                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1707335                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1651968.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 824862.613086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832937.908580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1651968.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 824862.613086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832937.908580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2139                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.789827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         121261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.961309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.736754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.240205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   933.082687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1066.730181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.008906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.455607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.520864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3786                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2139                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1751995119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1751995119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1751995119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                314                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     314                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1325                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.509921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         158740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        47.061963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.036918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.865337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   619.856249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1373.751418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.013118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.302664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.670777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3128                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3130                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1287                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1325                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70652849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1046118006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1116770855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70652849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1046118006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1116770855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70652849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1046118006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1116770855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.298625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.297419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.297419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1859285.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812834.503497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842845.928302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1859285.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812834.503497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842845.928302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1859285.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812834.503497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842845.928302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                568                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     568                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67314015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    931653181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    998967196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67314015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    931653181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    998967196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67314015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    931653181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    998967196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1771421.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 724458.150078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754506.945619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1771421.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 724458.150078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754506.945619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1771421.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 724458.150078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754506.945619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          980                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.513142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         182352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        60.221929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.513142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.259567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   457.315049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1522.425384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.223298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.743372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3207                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3209                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93562429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    795381916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     888944345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93562429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    795381916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      888944345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93562429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    795381916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     888944345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.228240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2598956.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842565.588983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 907086.066327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2598956.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842565.588983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 907086.066327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2598956.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842565.588983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 907086.066327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90398815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    712481798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802880613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90398815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    712481798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802880613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90398815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    712481798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802880613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.228240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2511078.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754747.667373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819265.931633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2511078.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754747.667373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819265.931633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2511078.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754747.667373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819265.931633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          979                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.437520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         182324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        60.232574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.437520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.408557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   457.350420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1523.241023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.013871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.223316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.743770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3187                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3189                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          945                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 979                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100300872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    807127880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     907428752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100300872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    807127880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      907428752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100300872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    807127880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     907428752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.229648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.228703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.228703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2950025.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854103.576720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926893.515832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2950025.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854103.576720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926893.515832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2950025.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854103.576720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926893.515832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97315672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    724156880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821472552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97315672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    724156880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    821472552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97315672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    724156880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    821472552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.229648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.228703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.228703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2862225.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 766303.576720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839093.515832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2862225.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 766303.576720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839093.515832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2862225.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 766303.576720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839093.515832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2134                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.788846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         121256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        28.994739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.734463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.144612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   932.235514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1066.674257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.455193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.520837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3783                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3784                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2134                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69910479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1677909579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1747820058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69910479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1677909579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1747820058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69910479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1677909579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1747820058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.360595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.360595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2184702.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 798244.328735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819034.703843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2184702.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 798244.328735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819034.703843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2184702.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 798244.328735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819034.703843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67100879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1493285494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560386373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67100879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1493285494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560386373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67100879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1493285494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560386373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2096902.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 710411.747859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731202.611528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2096902.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 710411.747859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731202.611528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2096902.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 710411.747859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731202.611528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          979                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.461492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         182328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.233895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.461492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.723349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   457.625439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1522.651212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.223450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.743482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3191                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3193                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93738286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    786498544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     880236830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93738286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    786498544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      880236830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93738286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    786498544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     880236830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.229612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2757008.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831393.809725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898200.846939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2757008.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831393.809725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 898200.846939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2757008.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831393.809725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 898200.846939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90753086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    703509395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    794262481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90753086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    703509395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    794262481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90753086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    703509395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    794262481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.229612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2669208.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 743667.436575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810471.919388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2669208.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 743667.436575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810471.919388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2669208.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 743667.436575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810471.919388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         2128                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.793678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         121268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         4176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        29.039272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.735709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    17.890442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   932.204047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1067.963481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.008736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.455178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.521467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            676                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 676                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3791                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3792                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                2128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 2128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2099                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                2128                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46903965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1658221312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1705125277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46903965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1658221312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1705125277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46903965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1658221312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1705125277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.360007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.359459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.359459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1617378.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 790005.389233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801280.675282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1617378.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 790005.389233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 801280.675282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1617378.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 790005.389233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 801280.675282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            2128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           2128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44357765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1473909660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1518267425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44357765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1473909660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1518267425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44357765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1473909660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1518267425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1529578.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 702196.121963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713471.534305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1529578.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 702196.121963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713471.534305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1529578.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 702196.121963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713471.534305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3582                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.898909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         154591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        27.458437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.054804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.796979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1198.855595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         829.191532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.585379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.404879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4812                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4813                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3582                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79559477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3363504581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3443064058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7952056                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7952056                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79559477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3371456637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3451016114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79559477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3371456637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3451016114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              8386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               8395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              8395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2273127.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 949874.210957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962825.519575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1325342.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1325342.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2273127.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 950509.342261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963432.750977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2273127.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 950509.342261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963432.750977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76476727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3051394270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127870997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7423756                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7423756                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76476727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3058818026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3135294753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76476727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3058818026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3135294753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185049.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 861732.355267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874684.283277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1237292.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1237292.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185049.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862367.641951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875291.667504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185049.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862367.641951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875291.667504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          978                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.440313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         182324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        60.252479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.440313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.404544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   457.217756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1523.377700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.013869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.223251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.743837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3187                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3189                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 979                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94814870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    805049555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     899864425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94814870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    805049555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      899864425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94814870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    805049555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     899864425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.229648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2788672.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851904.291005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919166.930541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2788672.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851904.291005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919166.930541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2788672.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851904.291005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919166.930541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91829670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    722166355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    813996025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91829670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    722166355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    813996025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91829670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    722166355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    813996025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.229648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2700872.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764197.201058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831456.613892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2700872.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764197.201058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831456.613892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2700872.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764197.201058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831456.613892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.550740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         158735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        46.976916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.040818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.466588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   622.048681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1369.994653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.013900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.303735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.668943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3124                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3126                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75640876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1088834426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1164475302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75640876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1088834426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1164475302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75640876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1088834426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1164475302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1891021.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 843403.893106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874887.529677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1891021.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 843403.893106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 874887.529677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1891021.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 843403.893106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 874887.529677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72128126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    975415103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047543229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72128126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    975415103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047543229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72128126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    975415103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047543229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1803203.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 756135.738760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787626.487970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1803203.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 756135.738760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787626.487970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1803203.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 756135.738760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787626.487970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3589                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.898323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         154623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        27.430016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.056060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    16.093023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1200.655729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         826.093511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.586258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.403366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1508                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1508                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4837                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4838                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3589                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74694946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3365389077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3440084023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6786951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6786951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74694946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3372176028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3446870974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74694946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3372176028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3446870974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              8418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1508                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1508                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               8427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              8427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.423219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.423480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.423480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2074859.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 948798.724838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960112.761094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1131158.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1131158.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2074859.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 949106.678300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960398.711062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2074859.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 949106.678300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960398.711062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                618                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     618                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71533979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3053937993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3125471972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6260151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6260151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71533979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3060198144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3131732123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71533979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3060198144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3131732123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.423219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.423480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.423480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1987054.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 860991.822103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872305.881105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1043358.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1043358.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1987054.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 861299.787222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872591.842575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1987054.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 861299.787222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872591.842575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.550730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         158736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        46.977212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.041089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.465155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   621.938293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1370.106194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.013899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.303681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.668997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3125                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3127                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76919559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1084022690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1160942249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76919559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1084022690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1160942249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76919559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1084022690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1160942249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1922988.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 839676.754454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 872233.094666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1922988.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 839676.754454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 872233.094666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1922988.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 839676.754454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 872233.094666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73407559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    970612649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1044020208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73407559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    970612649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1044020208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73407559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    970612649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1044020208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835188.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 752412.906202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784977.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835188.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 752412.906202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784977.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835188.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 752412.906202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784977.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.550302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         158735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        46.976916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.039366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.468802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   621.292367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1370.749767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.013901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.303365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.669311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3124                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3126                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75822308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1091930242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1167752550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75822308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1091930242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1167752550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75822308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1091930242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1167752550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1895557.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 845801.891557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877349.774606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1895557.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 845801.891557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877349.774606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1895557.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 845801.891557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877349.774606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72309456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    978491998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050801454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72309456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    978491998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050801454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72309456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    978491998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050801454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1807736.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 758520.928682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790076.281203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1807736.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 758520.928682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790076.281203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1807736.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 758520.928682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790076.281203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2143                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.813101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         121266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        28.934860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.737938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.931751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   933.858325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1065.285087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.455986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.520159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            670                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 670                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3795                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3796                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2143                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61585465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705597275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1767182740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61585465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705597275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1767182740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61585465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705597275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1767182740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.360835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.360835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1924545.781250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 807957.022738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824630.303313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1924545.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 807957.022738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824630.303313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1924545.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 807957.022738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824630.303313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58775765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1520195103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1578970868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58775765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1520195103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1578970868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58775765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1520195103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1578970868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1836742.656250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 720130.318806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736803.951470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1836742.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 720130.318806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736803.951470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1836742.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 720130.318806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736803.951470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.598485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.207619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.598485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21960.845596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.095952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.904048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8585194062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8585194062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660982734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8660982734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660982734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8660982734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 447005.834739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447005.834739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448732.331693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448732.331693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448732.331693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448732.331693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3386934710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3386934710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395782931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395782931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395782931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395782931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463202.230580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463202.230580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463398.325737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463398.325737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463398.325737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463398.325737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              519.433003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001252704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1910787.603053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.433003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1244655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1244655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1244655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1244655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1244655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77721354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77721354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77721354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77721354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77721354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77721354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1244703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1244703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1244703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1619194.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1619194.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1619194.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1619194.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1619194.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1619194.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57752402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57752402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57752402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57752402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57752402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57752402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1698600.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698600.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1698600.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698600.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1698600.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698600.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166553638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             21837.372230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.955579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.044421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.890451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.109549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       860889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       711535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       711535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2052                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2052                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1572424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1572424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1572424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1572424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8475871797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8475871797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     88247942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88247942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8564119739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8564119739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8564119739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8564119739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       880122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       711634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       711634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2052                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2052                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1591756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1591756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1591756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1591756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440694.212915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440694.212915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 891393.353535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891393.353535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443002.262518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443002.262518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443002.262518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443002.262518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3337440619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3337440619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9658175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9658175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3347098794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3347098794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3347098794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3347098794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453703.183660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453703.183660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 643878.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643878.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454090.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454090.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454090.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454090.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              554.148756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              915116947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1642938.863555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.087867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.060889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1298400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1298400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1298400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5895                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              204390313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             33228.794180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.622611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.377389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.721182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.278818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1932185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       354077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2286262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2286262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2286262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2286262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9597841401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9597841401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3172976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3172976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9601014377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9601014377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9601014377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9601014377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1953060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       354114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2307174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2307174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459776.833581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459776.833581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85756.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85756.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953308216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953308216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       582006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       582006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953890222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953890222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953890222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953890222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331856.645600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331856.645600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64667.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64667.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              507.322803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              995623141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1933248.817476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.322803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1360039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1360039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1360039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1360039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1360039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1360039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93686423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93686423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93686423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93686423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93686423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93686423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1360094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1360094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1360094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1360094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1360094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1360094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1703389.509091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1703389.509091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1703389.509091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1703389.509091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1703389.509091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1703389.509091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71100167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71100167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71100167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71100167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71100167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71100167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1777504.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1777504.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1777504.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1777504.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1777504.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1777504.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              151947224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             32529.913081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.737709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.262291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.873975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.126025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       935140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        935140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       785349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1720489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1720489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1720489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1720489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        14181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        14181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4628090116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4628090116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8576438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8576438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4636666554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4636666554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4636666554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4636666554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       949217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       949217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       785453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1734670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1734670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1734670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1734670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 328769.632450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 328769.632450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82465.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82465.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 326963.299767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 326963.299767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 326963.299767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 326963.299767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9766                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9766                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1259483750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1259483750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1185367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1260669117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1260669117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1260669117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1260669117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286441.607914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286441.607914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65853.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65853.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 285542.268856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285542.268856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 285542.268856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285542.268856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              487.494130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              998755447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2025873.117647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.494130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.052074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1392927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1392927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1392927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1392927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1392927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144099928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144099928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144099928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144099928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144099928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144099928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1392977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1392977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1392977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2881998.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2881998.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682578.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93995957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93995957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93995957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93995957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93995957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93995957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473577.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2473577.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148299771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33650.957794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   218.588174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    37.411826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.853860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.146140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1108955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       823367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1932322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1932322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1932322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1932322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2404960023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2404960023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4789640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4789640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2409749663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2409749663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2409749663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2409749663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1119689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       823422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1943111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1943111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1943111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1943111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 224050.682225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224050.682225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87084.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87084.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 223352.457410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223352.457410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 223352.457410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223352.457410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1011455111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011455111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1014923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1012470034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1012470034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1012470034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1012470034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 244549.108075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244549.108075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67661.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67661.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 243909.909419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243909.909419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 243909.909419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243909.909419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              486.638705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              998754694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2034123.613035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.638705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.050703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1392174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1392174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1392174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1392174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1392174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    157347122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157347122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    157347122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157347122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    157347122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157347122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1392223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1392223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1392223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3211165.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3211165.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3211165.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3211165.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3211165.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3211165.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2727839                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 909279.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100713784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100713784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100713784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100713784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100713784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100713784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2797605.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2797605.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2797605.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2797605.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2797605.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2797605.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148299416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             33796.585232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   218.606496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    37.393504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.853932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.146068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1109211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       822767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1931978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1931978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        10738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        10738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2428382165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2428382165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6637031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6637031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2435019196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2435019196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2435019196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2435019196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1119862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       822854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1942716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1942716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 227995.696648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227995.696648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 76287.712644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76287.712644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 226766.548333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226766.548333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 226766.548333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226766.548333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1021763559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1021763559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1188101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1188101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1022951660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022951660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1022951660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022951660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248302.201458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248302.201458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69888.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69888.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 247568.165537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247568.165537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 247568.165537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247568.165537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              554.965496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              915118441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1634140.073214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.904488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.061007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.046321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.889368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1299894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1299894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1299894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1299894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1299894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98903351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98903351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98903351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98903351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98903351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98903351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1299943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1299943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1299943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2018435.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2018435.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2018435.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2018435.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2018435.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2018435.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       919730                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       919730                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70243905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70243905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70243905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70243905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70243905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70243905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2128603.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2128603.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2128603.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2128603.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2128603.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2128603.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              204391057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             33283.025077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   184.521460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    71.478540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.720787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.279213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1932929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       354081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2287010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2287010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2287010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2287010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        20963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        20963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9580227796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9580227796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3165758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3165758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9583393554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9583393554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9583393554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9583393554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1953855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       354118                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354118                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2307973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2307973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457814.574978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 457814.574978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85561.027027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85561.027027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457157.542050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 457157.542050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457157.542050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 457157.542050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1942720257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1942720257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1943297157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943297157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1943297157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943297157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 330563.256253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330563.256253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 330155.820082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330155.820082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 330155.820082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330155.820082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              486.960515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              998756013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2034126.299389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.960515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.051219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1393493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1393493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1393493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1393493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1393493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1393493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144143401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144143401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144143401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144143401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144143401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144143401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1393541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1393541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1393541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1393541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1393541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3002987.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3002987.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2732231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 683057.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94150076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94150076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94150076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94150076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94150076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94150076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2615279.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615279.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148301312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33766.236794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   218.595797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    37.404203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.853890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.146110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1110327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       823555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1933882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1933882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1933882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1933882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        10754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2395118485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2395118485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7231637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7231637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2402350122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2402350122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2402350122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2402350122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1120977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1120977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       823659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1944636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1944636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1944636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1944636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 224893.754460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224893.754460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69534.971154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69534.971154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223391.307606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223391.307606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223391.307606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223391.307606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1001323807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1001323807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1204286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1204286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1002528093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002528093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1002528093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002528093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 243039.758981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243039.758981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70840.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70840.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242332.147208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242332.147208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242332.147208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242332.147208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              552.946742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              915119770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1642943.931777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    26.886120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.060622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.043087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1301223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1301223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1301223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1301223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1301223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1301223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64885287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64885287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64885287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64885287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64885287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64885287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1301267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1301267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1301267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1301267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1301267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1301267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1474665.613636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1474665.613636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1474665.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1474665.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1474665.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1474665.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47222247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47222247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47222247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47222247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47222247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47222247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1574074.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574074.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1574074.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574074.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1574074.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574074.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              204394004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 6146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             33256.427595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   184.704419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    71.295581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.721502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.278498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1935043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1935043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       354904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          831                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          831                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2289947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2289947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2289947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2289947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        20954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        20954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9496559583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9496559583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3163058                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3163058                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9499722641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9499722641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9499722641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9499722641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1955960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1955960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       354941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          831                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          831                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2310901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2310901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2310901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2310901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 454011.549601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454011.549601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85488.054054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85488.054054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 453360.820893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453360.820893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 453360.820893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453360.820893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1923664153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1923664153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1924241053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1924241053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1924241053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1924241053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 327098.138582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327098.138582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 326696.273854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326696.273854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 326696.273854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326696.273854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              569.499326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1026178418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1772328.873921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    27.344479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   542.154847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.043821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1237092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1237092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1237092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1237092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1237092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1237092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    109474257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109474257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    109474257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109474257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    109474257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109474257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1237143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1237143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1237143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1237143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1237143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1237143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2146554.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2146554.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       570389                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 285194.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79915761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79915761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79915761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79915761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79915761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79915761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2219882.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2219882.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              404541367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             46957.790714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.142319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.857681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.434150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.565850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3232506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3232506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1769080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1769080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5001586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        5001586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5001586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       5001586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        30361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        30361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14141526803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14141526803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     27647563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27647563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14169174366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14169174366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14169174366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14169174366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3262837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3262837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1769110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1769110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5031947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5031947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5031947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5031947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 466240.044938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466240.044938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 921585.433333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921585.433333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 466689.976154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466689.976154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 466689.976154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466689.976154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        21981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3721589011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3721589011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8194841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8194841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3729783852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3729783852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3729783852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3729783852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 445699.282754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445699.282754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 910537.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 910537.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446199.766958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446199.766958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446199.766958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446199.766958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              486.634998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998754646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2034123.515275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.634998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.050697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1392126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1392126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1392126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1392126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1392126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146026439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146026439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146026439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146026439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146026439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146026439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1392174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1392174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1392174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3042217.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3042217.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682548.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95226568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95226568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95226568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95226568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95226568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95226568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2645182.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2645182.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148299361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             33804.276499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   218.587246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    37.412754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.853856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.146144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1109186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       822742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1931928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1931928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        10738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        10738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2412994448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2412994448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6638898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6638898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2419633346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2419633346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2419633346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2419633346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1119837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1942666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1942666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 226550.976246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226550.976246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 76309.172414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76309.172414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1019687635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1019687635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1188320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1188320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1020875955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020875955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1020875955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020875955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247797.724180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247797.724180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69901.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69901.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              508.824451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              995621174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1925766.294004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.824451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.054206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1358072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1358072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1358072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1358072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1358072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1358072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96271356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96271356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96271356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96271356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96271356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96271356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1358133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1358133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1358133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1358133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1358133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1358133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1578218.950820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1578218.950820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1578218.950820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1578218.950820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1578218.950820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1578218.950820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323952                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323952                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76132282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76132282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76132282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76132282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76132282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76132282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1812673.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1812673.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1812673.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1812673.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1812673.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1812673.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151944986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             32529.433954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.801608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.198392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.874225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.125775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       933550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        933550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       784697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1718247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1718247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1718247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1718247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        14116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        14116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4743805549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4743805549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8796662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8796662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4752602211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4752602211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4752602211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4752602211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       947560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       947560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       784803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1732363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1732363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1732363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1732363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 338601.395360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338601.395360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82987.377358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82987.377358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336681.936172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336681.936172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336681.936172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336681.936172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1301946914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1301946914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1186304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1186304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1303133218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303133218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1303133218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303133218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 296098.911531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296098.911531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65905.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65905.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 295160.411778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295160.411778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 295160.411778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295160.411778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              570.564117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1026180105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1769276.043103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.154526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.409591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.046722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1238779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1238779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1238779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1238779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1238779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101732707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101732707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101732707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101732707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101732707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101732707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1238835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1238835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1238835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1816655.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1816655.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1816655.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1816655.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1816655.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1816655.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75060315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75060315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75060315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75060315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75060315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75060315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028657.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2028657.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028657.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2028657.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028657.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2028657.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 8390                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              404544135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             46789.744969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.139814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.860186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.434140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.565860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3234237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3234237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1770115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1770115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      5004352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        5004352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      5004352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       5004352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        30582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        30582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14128218678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14128218678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24896211                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24896211                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14153114889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14153114889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14153114889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14153114889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3264789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3264789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1770145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1770145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      5034934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5034934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      5034934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5034934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 462431.876080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 462431.876080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 829873.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829873.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 462792.325191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 462792.325191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 462792.325191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 462792.325191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        22171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        22192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        22192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3725255388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3725255388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7029051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7029051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3732284439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3732284439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3732284439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3732284439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444488.174204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444488.174204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 781005.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781005.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444849.158403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444849.158403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444849.158403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444849.158403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              508.820802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              995621869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1925767.638298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.820802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1358767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1358767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1358767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1358767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1358767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1358767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94948566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94948566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94948566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94948566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94948566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94948566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1358824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1358824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1358824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1358824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1358824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1358824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1665764.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1665764.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1665764.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1665764.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1665764.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1665764.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308937                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308937                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77422452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77422452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77422452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77422452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77422452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77422452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1843391.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1843391.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1843391.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1843391.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1843391.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1843391.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4416                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              151945596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             32522.601884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.770797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.229203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.874105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.125895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       933839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        933839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       785016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1718855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1718855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1718855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1718855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        14127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        14127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4820890030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4820890030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8799666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8799666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4829689696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4829689696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4829689696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4829689696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       947860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       947860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       785122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1732982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1732982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1732982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1732982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 343833.537551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 343833.537551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83015.716981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83015.716981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341876.526934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341876.526934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341876.526934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341876.526934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1297159522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1297159522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1186646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1186646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1298346168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1298346168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1298346168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1298346168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 294943.047294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294943.047294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 65924.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65924.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 294009.548913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294009.548913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 294009.548913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294009.548913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              508.811698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              995620926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1925765.814313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    33.811698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.054185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1357824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1357824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1357824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1357824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1357824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1357824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96669556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96669556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96669556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96669556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96669556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96669556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1357883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1357883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1357883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1357883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1357883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1357883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1638467.050847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1638467.050847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1638467.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1638467.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1638467.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1638467.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323992                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323992                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76301036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76301036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76301036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76301036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76301036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76301036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1816691.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1816691.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1816691.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1816691.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1816691.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1816691.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151944511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             32529.332263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.787816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.212184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.874171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.125829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       933251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        933251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       784519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1717770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1717770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1717770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1717770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        14125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        14125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4823739945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4823739945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8791712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8791712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4832531657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4832531657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4832531657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4832531657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       947270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       947270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       784625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1731895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1731895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 344085.879521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 344085.879521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82940.679245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82940.679245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 342126.135009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 342126.135009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 342126.135009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 342126.135009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1304995125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1304995125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1185696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1306180821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1306180821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1306180821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1306180821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 296792.159427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296792.159427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        65872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 295850.695583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295850.695583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 295850.695583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295850.695583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              554.815877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              915116798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1634137.139286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.903686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.912191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.046320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.889128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1298251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1298251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1298251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1298251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1298251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1298251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83164143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83164143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83164143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83164143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83164143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83164143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1298298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1298298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1298298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1298298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1298298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1298298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1769449.851064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1769449.851064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1769449.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1769449.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1769449.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1769449.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61928516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61928516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61928516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61928516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61928516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61928516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1876621.696970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876621.696970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1876621.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876621.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1876621.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876621.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5906                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              204388971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             33169.258520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   185.633357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    70.366643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.725130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.274870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1931950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1931950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       352973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       352973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2284923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2284923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2284923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2284923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9522225831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9522225831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3163754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3163754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9525389585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9525389585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9525389585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9525389585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1952828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1952828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       353010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2305838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2305838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2305838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2305838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 456088.985104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456088.985104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85506.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85506.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 455433.401148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455433.401148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 455433.401148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455433.401148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1971335306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1971335306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1971912206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1971912206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1971912206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1971912206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 334294.608445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334294.608445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333882.865899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333882.865899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333882.865899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333882.865899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
